

Well, here we go with the stream of consciousness essay. I used to do things like this in high school sometimes. They were pretty interesting, but I often find myself with a lack of things to say. I normally consider myself someone who gets straight to the point. I wonder if I should hit enter any time to send this back to the front. Maybe I'll fix it later. My friend is playing guitar in my room now. Sort of playing anyway. More like messing with it. He's still learning. There's a drawing on the wall next to me. Comic book characters I think, but I'm not sure who they are. It's been a while since I've kept up with comic's. I just heard a sound from ICQ. That's a chat program on the internet. I don't know too much about it so I can't really explain too well. Anyway, I hope I'm done with this by the time another friend comes over. It will be nice to talk to her again. She went home this weekend for Labor Day. So did my brother. I didn't go. I'm not sure why. No reason to go, I guess. Hmm. when did I start this. Wow, that was a long line. I guess I won't change it later. Okay, I'm running out of things to talk about. I've found that happens to me a lot in conversation. Not a very interesting person, I guess. Well, I don't know. It's something I'm working on. I'm in a class now that might help. The phone just rang. Should I get it?  The guy playing the guitar answered it for me. It's for my roommate. My suitemate just came in and started reading this. I'm uncomfortable with that. He's in the bathroom now. You know, this is a really boring piece of literature. I never realized how dull most everyday thoughts are. Then again, when you keep your mind constantly moving like this, there isn't really time to stop and think deeply about things. I wonder how long this is going to be. I think it's been about ten minutes now. Only my second line. How sad. Well, not really considering how long these lines are. Anyway, I wonder what I'm going to do the rest of the night. I guess there's always homework to do. I guess we'll see. This seat is uncomfortable. My back sort of hurts. I think I'm going to have arthritis when I get older. I always thought that I wouldn't like to grow old. Not too old, I suppose. I've always been a very active person. I have a fear of growing old, I think. I guess it'll go away as I age gradually. I don't know how well I'd deal with paralysis from an accident though. As long as I have God and my friends around, I'll be okay though. I'm pretty thirsty right now. There isn't much to drink around my room. Ultimate Frisbee, I haven't played that all summer. Fun game, but tiring. I'm out of shape. I'd like to get in better shape, but I hate running. It's too dull for me. Hmmm. it's almost over now. Just a few more minutes. Let's see if I make it to the next line. Short reachable goals!  Whatever. Anyway, what else do I have to do tonight. I guess I could read some. My shirt smells like dinner. It's pretty disgusting. I need to wake up for a 9:30 am class tomorrow. I remember when that wasn't early at all. Well, I made it to the next line. I'm so proud of myself. That's sarcasm, by the way. I wonder if I was suppose to right this thing as a narrative. Oh well too late now. Time for me to head out. Until next time, good bye and good luck. I don't know. 


Stream of consciousness. What should I write about. Am I supposed to have some kind of direction or am I supposed to write exactly what I am thinking. This feels like a very strange assignment. for homework it seems that it I pretty easy. Actually it would be pretty intense if this was worth more than however much it is worth. Hmm  for some reason I am blanked out, and it seems like I am thinking about nothing. Oh well. Lets see what happened today. I lucked out on my econ quiz, I was actually able to guess my way to a 100. What are the chances of that. having faith definitely pays off. I always say that it is important to have faith. That’s my motto in life. Have faith and have fun. Life is a funny thing. One minute your there and gone the next. It is like Louie the Lug Mcgurg for example. He died tragically at 18. I am 18 what happened. Somebody stepped on his fingers. And that killed him. well he was hanging of the 11th story of the hotel at the time. Poor lug. No Poor Mrs. the Lug. Now she is on the streets selling apples. The point is that the lug did not plan ahead and the government got everything. Oscar was a damn intense movie. It seems very difficult to figure out what I am thinking. Wen I try I blank out, and I keep trying to figure out what stream of consciences s then. Life is good. This entire internet business is pretty cool. I never would of thought I could write a paper, and then send it to a teacher by pushing a submit button. I wonder how much longer I will be writing this. I only have ten more minutes left. Everyone always asks what you are thinking about, when you are just sitting there thinking. Usually you say nothing because you just don't want to tell them. Now I am trying to think of what I am thinking and I am getting nothing. Cricket is a great sport. There is going to be the Sahara cup going to be played in Canada. It is India vc. Paistan. One of the biggest cricketing rivalries in the world. Team Pak is going to be victorious. Aamir sohai is a great Cricketer. I can not believe that they dropped him from the team. Granted he was a little out of form, but he would have taken the Indian crap bowlers around the park and back. This is beginning to seem kind of silly. I hope that was your point. I wonder if any body is actually going to read this. For some reason I doubt it. Whoever is reading it though I feel sorry for. That is a lot peoples garbage talk you have to read. Maybe it isn't. I have no idea what it is. This screen is really weird. How come only three lines have popped up. I have been writing for 15 minutes. Is this some kind of ploy so we can not see what we have written. I can not believe that I only thought about that now. In fact I just noticed that only this much was on the screen. Very Very Interesting. I am getting tired of typing. I am waiting for these final minutes to tick away. I hope you gain something out of this, because I don’t think I will. actually I might, but I have no idea how. I was thinking about quitting early, but what if you had some kind of device that told you how long I was on for. That is actually pretty scary. only god knows what technology can do nowadays. Anyway I hope you enjoy reading this. It is quite possible that I have enjoyed writing it. It is fun and relaxing to write something, without having o go back and proofread. It seems like you are an expert typer actually. Anyway now my 20 minutes are up, so have faith and have fun. If you read this give me an A. Even though It does not matter. This completion grade stuff is amazing. All my classes should do it. 


I miss the way my life used to be a little bit. Everyone else seems to be having a so much fun which is cool and really I'm not having a bad time at all, it's just I feel like I'm missing something in my life up here. I don't have all the close friends around me that I used to which is bothering me in a way. Things will be get better I know it, cuz this is the way I feel at the beginning of my life after a big change happens. I'm kinda irritated at Marissa I guess because she just has it easy with the new people she's met. She always meets boys cus she's so pretty and silly. She's a perfect little blonde. I love her really and I have a good time with her I'm just tired of feeling like she's luckier. I think I like John which is really annoying but it's not my fault he wrote that dumb e-mail. I feel somewhat satisfied that he realized he does like me but can't have me cus I have someone else in my life. This computer is annoying. I hate computers that aren't like the one I have at home and that I know. I miss being able to chat on-line to Amy and steph and everyone else. I wish I could go to Canada just for the hell of it. I'm probably not the girl he would be looking for. he seems like the buff good looking ty0pe that everyone knows. oh well. My stomach keeps making these nasty noises whish gets embarrassing in class. I'm worried about school work. I know that I just need to keep on top of things and I'll be less stressed out and stuff. I just n4ed to get up tomorrow , go to class, then come back and do my Latin and then some math or something . Then do my bio after Latin and go to the discussion. I'll go run those errands and make those phone calls. maybe marissa will do them with me so we can hang. if not I'll call christina or someone. I want to get involved with the Wesly group so I can feel I have somewhere else to belong. I'm getting down, I can tell. I don't know why I can't get pepped again. I guess I shouldn't have gone home this weeke4nd. it made me homesick when I got back. maybe I just need to call someone or talk to a friend. john later or maybe Liz. Brady would be ok too. poor Brady likes me and I feel confused about him. I need to write to shawna or maybe call her too. what a phone bill. I need that cellular if I want to call Liz lots. I hate typing cus I look at the keys a lot. my fingernail looks nasty. I remember that day still and how calm and quiet it was. I miss a lot of stuff. I need to stop being this way, get some sleep and then get up and go about my day. this weekend will be cool at the football game. I just need to be friendly and meet people and stuff. one more minute I guess till I can stop. well, I bet I can stop now.                           


Here I am sitting in the computer lab trying to track my thoughts. I am thinking that I shouldn't worry about what to think. I am not exactly sure why this assignment is necessary, but then again I am no psychologist. Whoa, change in thought. Now I am thinking of England and of how I wish I could go there to see the sights and see a close friend who lives there. Now I am sad because this reminds me of Princess Diana and of what a wonderful woman she was. I was truly saddened when I heard she died. She was on of those people that you dream of meeting some day even if you are only around her for  a moment. She was the type of person that could make your whole year just by smiling at you. This sadness takes me to other places, I am now simultaneously thinking of a close friend of mine who is clinically depressed and of old friend of the family who was homosexual and died this year of AIDS. I am a Christian and I have strong Christian beliefs but when tragedy strikes those you love the most there is wonder and doubt involving a supposed loving God. Sometimes I praise God for the things he does but other times you ask yourself why. I have always been a dreamer, setting my goals high, but sometimes I wonder if what I want to do with my life is right or if God wanted me to go off and become a minister. Life is never simple but I just try to roll with the punches. A minister of mine once said that some people build up barriers around themselves in order not to get hurt. They try to experience the least amount of pain as possible by blocking themselves out, but then he said that these same people cannot experience love very much. At the same time as protecting themselves from pain they are limiting themselves to a lesser degree of love then is possible. I want to be one of the people who can experience love greatly, but in reality I have been hurt before and there are definite walls to protect myself from that kind of pain again. Whenever you go on a date and you are nervous everyone says just be yourself. I think that is a huge crock of shit. I am a multi faceted person, I don't even know what being myself would be. Is that the self that you express outwardly, where in my case I am jovial and make people laugh or is that the self inside that has deep emotions and is very, very sensitive and sometimes insecure while also being loving and caring. Sometimes I feel like I have all of this love stored up inside of me and no one to give it to. I try not to dwell in these places for any significant amount of time. I think IO like who I am, but its just that I really haven't figured that out completely yet. At first I didn't know what to write, but now I am glad we did this assignment. It is good to get your feelings out from inside when you don't want to tell anyone and you don't have a diary. Bye-bye. 


Well I was a little worried about using the Internet because I have never used before. I have used e-mail last year a little but for the most part this is a whole new experience to me. Today has been a good day I really enjoy my Monday and Wednesday class schedule. Except for the fact that I do have to get up at 7:30, but that is actually a good thing because my day is done at 10:00am and I have the rest of the day to do primarily whatever I want. I'm a little worried about the amount of stress that college has been. It is entirely not that bad because I do tend to be a organized person and good with managing my time. Although I do have to admit the reason why it has probably been so hard to get back on track this year is because my Senior year in high-school I got that little thing called "senioritis". I was hoping to be able to do this assignment from my computer in my dorm room, but the communications company has had a hard time getting my Ethernet Link set up. This is kind of nice though coming to the Undergraduate Library and getting acquainted with their systems. I have not decided what I am going to do this weekend, because it is one of my really good high-school friends birthday and she is going to school at A&M University. So therefore a lot of my friends are going to go down to College Station and surprise her. I really want to go but I want to stay here and go to the football game that is if I get a date. Which as of now I don't have one, but I am in a sorority here on campus and we have a mixer tonight with a fraternity so maybe I will get lucky and someone will ask me. Anyhow though these little events such as a mixer kind of make me uncomfortable because my boyfriend goes to school at Louisiana State University and it's strange trying to interact with other guys. Well I think I completely said that wrong it is not hard at all to interact with the opposite sex, but we decided mutually that we needed to try and date other people and not stay completely focused on someone who is 8 hours away. Anyhow this is really strange this assignment because I keep getting this urge to go back and re-word what I have just said. I do realize the point of the assignment and that is not what matters. I am really hoping that I have a great first semester at college. I am already enjoying it tremendously but I am a little nervous about the academics. My father will not allow me to bring my car up here until "my grades have proven worthy" as he says. I thought that was going to be a big deal but everywhere you go is within walking distance so it truly doesn't matter. Well I just glanced at my watch and it has been 23 minutes so I will be going back to my room now. 


At his time I am at the lab listening to everyone in here typing and some coughing as well. The laser printer doesn't seem to stop printing. I am at the Communications Computer lab doing this assignment. I am wondering whether or not I will be going home, Dallas, next week on Friday. I am hoping my friend will take me. I also hope I can bring back my sister, who is presently in Dallas, so that she can live with us. That way I don't have to worry about cooking or getting food for dinner. I am glad my Pre Calculus professor gave me permission to take my midterm on Monday, the day after I get back from Dallas--If I go. I just looked at the proctors. They are helping some people out with their passwords. I wish I could get a job as a proctor. I think that would be an easy way of getting some money. Most of them don't even know what they are doing. I just thought about my major. I hope I can get into the Texas Creative Department in Advertising. That would be really neat since I like to do stuff like that. I just read that a lot of students in advertising have earned awards. But I just looked at some of their work and I don't think it would be all that hard to do. I just looked at my watch, I have about fifteen more minutes before I can send this message. A lot of people are leaving the lab know. That stinks, I wish their was a better computer when I got here. Right now I'm stuck with this old IBM comp. --the only one in the lab that's still using Windows 3. 11. I wish I was home with my family right now. Especially since they left for Denver today. If only I didn't have school right now, then I could live at home and help my dad with our family business. A lot of these computers in here are down. It sure would help if someone would fix them. Jesse Holman Jones--so that's who this building is named after. Who is he?  I've never heard of him. The sign on the wall says, "Lumberman, Banker, Publisher, Statesman. "  What does that have to do with Communications(except "Publisher"). I still have to do my rough draft for English. Oh well, I will probably do it tonight when I get home. Not like I can get any work done their. My brother is too loud and annoying. He doesn't let me study in peace. He is pretty stubborn--likes to have everything his way. Just because my parents aren't here, he thinks he's my guardian or something. I wish I lived in a dorm instead. That would have been cool. That way I could have met new people and friends. Not only that, it's right there on campus and they have cafeterias. That would help a lot. Now I only have six minutes to go. This thing is taking a pretty long time. If it weren't for this assignment I could have been working on my English paper right now. I hope that paper turns out good. At least my professor liked my proposal-he said I did an "excellent job. " In class he was saying how rare that case would be. Hopefully, I'll do well in this class. I really don't like English classes. Their so boring. All you do is discuss a lot of things, write papers, and practice grammar. I thought my English class would be very large, instead it ends up having only 25 people. I hate small classes. At least all my other classes have over one hundred people. Well, I'm done. I guess I will send now. 


At the moment I’m sitting in my room enjoying a 44 oz. slurpee. A cherry and coke mix, which is my favorite. I have been relaxing after another crummy cafeteria meal thinking about the days occurrences. Tuesdays and Thursdays are rough because I have to go to class all day. Classes aren't really that bad but they seem to put a large strain on  the mind making a body feel worn out. The course load for me this year is tuff and it seems that I have little free time left. This is a very strange assignment in my mind. I can't see what y’all can get from hearing me ramble on about nothing, but if it helps then I guess its worth it. Chapter two in the Psy. book is very interesting in fact I have found the  course to be interesting. To bad it comes after an hour and a half of chemistry and the most boring class I have ever been in. The selection of girls in the class isn't bad either. So an interesting class combined with good looking scenery is a big plus in my book. Whoa brain freeze. damn I hate those. Well after this I have to start on my M 408D homework. Now that is one hard class. That one and Chem 302 are going to be the death of me this semester. It seems like a 20 minute free flow writing assignment seems like it  would be hard, but once you start it just seems to flow, kind of like a good rap song. I really like rap the combination of a good beat and  a master on the microphone to me is really fine music. However, I love oldies too The Beatles, Mommas & the Pappas, The Monkeys, and so on  are really good listening music. Kind of like returning to my roots I guess. Well that was twenty minutes so I’ll shut up now hope this was enough to fulfill your requests.  


Well, I finally made it to the computer lab. Of course I waited until the last minute. Now that I figured out how to get in here it won't be so hard tomorrow. I hope I can get it done tomorrow by 5 because I only have an hour between classes. I am so happy that I got out of my class early today. It gives me time to study other things. I think I did fairly well on my quiz but who knows. I should have gone to work today. I feel a little guilty for leaving when I did, but I show up and they aren't even there. What am I supposed to do, just stand out in the hall like an idiot?  This job is a waste of my time. They never have anything for me to do anyway. I wish I could quit, but I can't because Mom is friends with Linda and I need the money. Especially now because of the car situation. I swear Don is just being a big baby about the whole thing. I hope I'm not in a bad mood this weekend. It will be nice to just relax without having to go out. I hope my dinner turns out ok. Wally might be sorry he asked me to cook for him. I need to call him tonight for his birthday. I hope the package he got was either from his mom or dad. I can't believe he didn't get a card from either of them last year. I know he was upset about that, but of course he would never admit that to me. It's too bad sometimes that I can't talk to him about everything. Like last night, I know he didn't know what to say when I called, but I just kept thinking that if I had been talking to Rica or Renee they would know how to handle the situation better. But what can I expect, he's just a guy. He's told me before that he doesn't handle the mushy stuff very well. At least he listens to me. I'm glad I had the chance to talk to Genia yesterday. I really do feel bad about not visiting her, but I knew it was best for everyone if we didn't see her. At least she doesn't live here anymore. I think that would be a bad situation. I really hope she gets over him soon. She's been sad too long, and it's just not doing her any good. I've completely run out of things to say, and that doesn't happen to me very often. Unfortunately it's happening more often. I really love it here at UT, but it is incredibly lonely. I see thousands of people everyday, but I'm still lonely. I guess that's why I'm on the phone for so long every night. I need to feel connected to my friends even if I don't see them as much as I used to. Unfortunately, I'm on the phone so much that I don't get much studying done. It's alot different than High school. I never had to study in high school. Now I'm so behind, and I don't know if I'll ever get caught up. I guess when I'm done with this I'll go study until my next class, which happens to be psychology. I thought this was supposed to be a lesson in stress relief. Well, this assignment has given me nothing but a headache. Speaking of headaches I can't seem to get rid of mine. It's either stress or allergies. Either way I'm suffering. Well, I'm finally done so I guess this is it. 


Right now I am tired and I am thinking about going to bed. I imagine what my classes will be like in thew morning and that I have to get up at 9:40 to be  ready on time for my Astronomy class. I think if I have any home work or stuff  that I have to have done for class. I then think of my next class which is Psychology. I think if I have any preparation I need to do for that class. I then think about what I'm gonna eat for breakfast and then for lunch. I then think that I need to go to the Microcenter  to get the software I need for my business classes. I am disrupted by one of my friends who call me on ICQ. I talk to him for a few minutes and then get back to writing. I then immediately receive a phone call  and I talk on the phone for about 5 min. Then I begin to worry how long I've been typing for and I try to remember when I started. I feel that it is time to go to bed so I decide to submit  the assignment. 


It is now eleven o'clock and I'm getting hungry for lunch. I don't know why I'm hungry, I just ate a couple of hours ago. I really wish I didn't get hungry so often. Sometimes I think I'm not really hungry, but I just like eating. I'm not overweight, but I really haven’t felt good about my body for a couple of months now because I've been away and too busy to go to the gym as often as I used to. I'm worried that when I go back home to California in a couple of months for Thanksgiving people are going to think I've gained weight. When I go back I want to look good, even better than when I left. I can't wait to go home, well actually, I can. I know when I get home I'm going to wish that I was still back here. My dorm room is already starting to feel like home to me. I was really upset that Joe didn't call last night. It's been over two weeks since I talked to him last and he had promised to call the next day. I don't even have his phone number so there's no way I can reach him. I swear, that boy drives me mad!  Oh, well, I'm not going to think about him any more. I'm really glad to finally be doing this assignment. I've been meaning to but my computer isn't set up so it's been impossible to do. I am so frustrated with this whole Ethernet thing. I've been to the store so many times and they never have the part I need. Finally I thought about using the computer lab here in Kinsolving. It's really nice as a matter of fact. It feels good to be on a computer again. I miss mine from home even though I wasn't on it very much. I wonder if anyone will ever really read this paper. I think I would laugh at half the stuff I've written. I don't know why I'm telling you these things, you don't even know, or care, who Joe is or that I have a computer. This place just got really full, it's weird how people seem to come in clumps. Have you ever noticed that at places there will be no line and then all the sudden there's a huge long line? That's weird, I think. I miss my dog. He died this summer while I was away in Germany. I just wish I'd given him more attention when I was home. I knew he would die some day, but I just never thought it would be so soon. I miss the meyers. That’s the family I was with in Germany. They were so nice to me, I felt like part of the family. Not many people get to do all the cool stuff I've been blessed enough to experience. I love to travel, but it's always so nice to be home. I was never bored this summer. That's a first for me. I'm almost always bored. I didn't get any letters today. That's the first time I haven't gotten any since I've been here. It kind of sucks. Sorry for swearing, I don't usually swear. I still have ten minuets to write. I'm running out of things to say. You must be so bored by now. Someone is playing music in the lobby. It's really annoying me. I can't wait to go to sleep tonight. Why am I always so tired. I don't even care if I go out anymore. I'm so jealous of my roommate. She is always doing cool stuff with her sorority and I haven't done much yet. She's really cute. I love her curly hair. We tried to make mine curly but it was more of a wave. It looked good, but I didn't know what other people would think about it. I just realized people could e-mail me down here  That's good because people have been bugging me for my address. I can't wait until my computer is running. I'm so excited for the football game on Saturday, I just hope it's not too hot. I hope we beat UCLA because a lot of my friends are going there and I know that they'll think of me when they see UT and I want them to be jealous that the Longhorns won. That's bad that I want them to be jealous. It's not really what I want, I just want them to think of me. It would be really neat if I could get on TV then they could see me here and know that I'm okay and having fun. I really am having fun, but it sounds so fake when I tell people that, like I'm just pretending or something. ljliujiojkl 


*****Why does this keep going to the left instead of down a space at the end of each line Prof. Pennebaker?????************* As I sit in this library, I can't help but notice the pleasure I get from the quietness. It is the same feeling I get from sitting in a park or on a golfcourse. Perhaps even in a bookstore. The quietness provides my mind with an escape from the everyday world of horns, traffic jams, and yelling. From this feeling, my mind seems to work on a smoother track, with less obstacles to overcome before I can finish a complete thought. If the world was in a complete silence at all times, or perhaps even if I were deaf, I believe I would be wiser and would be able to formulate thoughts easier. Does this mean that deaf people actually have an easier time getting by in the world? Or is their inability to communicate too much of a burden. Maybe this is what's wrong with today’s world. Communication lines are so mixed up due to language barriers and different types of slang that the world is like one large deaf fishbowl. In that case, deaf people WOULD have an easier everyday life because they would be minus the struggles we all go through with communication. If communication were an easy things, and we all saw eye-to-eye on all issues, achieving things such as world peace, business agreements, and compromises would be no big deal. Where did the communication lines go wrong? Why did humanity branch out into hundreds of different languages and tongues when one universal language could have eliminated so many problems. The answer to that will most likely never be found. This girl sitting to my right is awfully attractive, but I can't muscle up the courage to talk to her. Is it once again the problem of communication, or does this have to do purely with a lack of courage. I would like to think it is a communication problem, but that would probably be just a lame excuse for not talking to her. Of course it is a lack of courage. Although I know she won't bite my head off, slap me, ignore me, or flat out dis me, I still am too much of a coward to begin a conversation with her. What if she knew what I was thinking right now. Would she be flattered, embarrassed, insulted, or just flat out shocked? I guess I'll never know, unless I ask her. We both know that isn't going to happen because we've already established that I'm acting like a coward right now. No big deal, there are plenty of fish in the sea. Wow! I can't believe how fast twenty minutes just went. Writing without structure is a lot more enjoyable then writing with it, and as they say: Time flies when you're having fun! 


Its really cool being able to see all of my friends and hang out. Yet, I feel like I'm somewhat out of place. It was really strange coming home yesterday. As soon as we came into town, it felt like I was in some kind of mirage. It was like I was dreaming and it still feels that way. I really need to do a lot of homework but I don't think I'm going to get a whole lot done, considering the circumstances. I went to our high school football game last night. Wow, was that strange. I saw some old friends and it just felt so strange. Its going to be even worse going back, because now that I've seen everybody I somewhat want to stay. But, on the other hand I need to go back, have to go back, and I do want to go back. I've met people and I still want to meet more people. I've had a lot of fun down there, and so I want to go back. I have too much homework now. Uhhh, that sucks. Well, the UT football game is on and they're already losing!  I guess it is UCLA, but come on guys. Oh well, I guess I'm supposed to be talking about my college experience. So, anyway, I don't know, I'm getting adjusted pretty well to the university. I love the campus. Absolutely, love it. The buildings, especially in the six pack, and with the view of the capital and the tower is just amazing. I'm from Dallas and the Austin area is just so much nicer and I feel so much safer. There's not a lot of places like that up here, but it seems like everywhere in Austin is like that. I've been down to the river, and it its so much better than our river up here, the Trinity. And the lakes in Austin are so clean and nice. Plus, there's so much to do. Which, is also somewhat of a bad thing, since its harder to get my work done with so much going on. Something that does seem really weird is that I can actually study better in my dorm room than I could in my own room here at home. I guess because I realize that in college, I'm paying for my education, so I'm taking it a lot more serious. I can't screw around now, and I actually do find myself wanting to learn. Surprise!  I actually sit in class and listen to the professor. I have a lot more respect for the teachers down here because I know that they know what they're talking about and I want to learn more. The whole is experience is so much different and better than high school, in my opinion. Coming back home, and seeing friends still in high school; I feel sorry for them. High school was fun and all, but college is fun, and I feel I'm getting a quality education. Plus, in high school, there's way too many people who just don't want to be there. And they have to act so stupid for some reason, and it was just extremely annoying. In college, everyone who's there is there because they want to be there. So, they're aren't people who just want to cause trouble and act stupid all the time. Food. What is the deal with the food at Jester?  I mean some of its good, but the main course is always terrible. Its cold and looks like something has infested it. But, to be fair, there is some good food, every once in a while. Home food. Now, there's a big difference. Mmm. Got to love it. That's got to be the best thing about coming home, at least one of them. Also, not having to worry about money is a great thing. I'm getting along great with my roommate. I had heard about all of these horror stories about roommates, so I was a little worried at first. But, I usually get along with most everybody, so I figured it would probably be ok. And it was. He's normal and listens to the same music as me. We're getting to be pretty good friends. The only thing I'm worried about now is the tests. Everyone keeps telling me that no matter how much I study some times I'll still fail. That worries me. I would like to think that if I know the material then I would pass the test. And so far, I really haven't had that much homework to do. I have had to read a lot, but I haven't had much writing work to do. I think I'm running out of things to talk about, or rather, think about. But, well, its been twenty minutes, and I guess I understand what this was all about. Plus, the UT game is on, and hopefully we can somehow, with the grace of God, pull off a win. I think that may be impossible though, so maybe then we can get some kind of close loss. Man, we are getting killed. Oh well, next week we get to play Kansas St. !  And they're only like, what, 5th in the nation. That's not so great right?  Out defense just plain sucks. I mean, I don't think I've ever seen such bad plays as what I'm seeing right now. But, hey, we've got Ricky though, so maybe he can pull off some kind of miracle. Yeah, its going to be one of those games that goes down in history because we came back and won. There, that's positive thinking. I think that's what the team needs the most. And if football can't do that great, we've still got some other great athletes in some other great sports. That's the great thing about UT, we've got so many sports that something's got to be good. And I love how there's like an organization for everyone, so that everybody fits in. The organizations are great because they make you feel more at home. You're able to be with people that you feel comfortable with. Ok, its been like way past twenty minutes so I guess I'm through. Uh, bye, I guess. 


I mean. like I am really burning up. I got this really huge headache. I need some medicine. I wonder what is going on in UT right now?  I wonder if the football team won. I think I am beginning to like it there. It's a lot better than being in Houston now. It's so humid. I enjoy the air in Austin. Well most of it. Like the smog is getting bad up there. Other than that I  like it. I wonder what I can do while I am here. There is like no one here anymore. My whole life is still in UT. Hmm. I wonder who I should go back to UT with? Tai or Paul?  As long as they can fit all my stuff it's all good. I hope I cam get my computer up there soon. I can finally feel I am back in contact with the rest of the world. I hope I get a really awesome computer. I can finally quit begging my roommate to use his computer. Just asking him to use is it is like a big master plan. He is so protective of his computer. But that's ok. once he sees this 'baby' that I got, it's going to be a whole different ball game! rrHahahah. Even though I had some problems with my roommate at first, now things are a little better. I can actually open the door wide open!! What a luxury!! Oh jeez I forgot to do my laundry!!  I better to do before I go back to UT. I'll have stinky clothes everywhere. I got to get some CDs from my friend before I go back to. Free games and software for my computer. Ultimate hook up!.  And food for when I get back to UT. That Jester food can really get to you. I swear sometimes I think they have fillers in there are something. Cause. I can usually eat like a lot. but at Jester. I can eat a hamburger and get full instantly!. But there food. I think is not too healthy. so I find myself going to Gregory gym more often now. I never used to workout in high school cause you had to pay membership just to get in. Good thing Gregory is free as long as you are a student there. I feel healthier now then when I was in high school. I played tennis for high school,  but. I get more satisfaction when I can workout when I want to than. continuously playing. I get burnt out easily that way. 


My friends keep me awake until ridiculously late hours, and then are so inconsiderate as to wake me up early in the morning. Today for example, my friend Kevin woke me up around 9 this morning, after keeping me awake until 4 in the morning! I have 4 and a half hours of classes on this day, not to mention a bible study at 7, and I'm supposed to help clean up the Erwin Center for a fund raiser after the Shania Twain concert. I don't think I'm going to do that though, as I really need to catch up on some sleep. At the same time though, I'm also excited to hear from my friend Jaren in Maine. There's really a weird story behind how we met. As most people do nowadays, I was chatting online in one of the chatrooms. This girl was the only one who didn't seem to lie about how pretty she is and how rich she is etc. , so I had a fascination with her from the beginning. She actually sent me the private message first and asked where I was from, what I do for fun, what I look like etc. From that day on, there hasn't been a single day where we haven't written each other. After a few months in fact, we began calling each other on a regular basis, which didn't please my parents at all. hehe. I know her better than her friends do, which really gives me much pleasure. We send each other pictures and we're really open about what we do and stuff. I don't think I've ever kept anything from her, and I know she doesn't keep anything from me because she tells me things that she knows would upset me, but she tells them anyway. Over these last few months, I've grown to love her as a girlfriend. Weird, I know. Well, she feels the same about me and she's planning on visiting for the first time sometime this winter. I even get jealous when she talks about other guys, which is really weird, first of all because we've never met in person, and second of all, because she lives over a 1000 miles away. Talking about her always reminds me of my other friend Christina. There's another funny story behind this relationship as well. She was best friends with one of my good friends, Yoon. Well, Yoon liked this one guy named Young, and they always hung out together. Christina and this guy Brian hung out with them too all the time. Well, Brian started to like Christina and she detests him, so she felt really uncomfortable alone with him. One time, she felt so awkward, that she decided to call me, even thought we'd never met or talked before ever, rather than have to talk to Brian. Yoon gave her my number and told Christina that I was easy to talk to and to get along with. Well, Christina and I ended up talking for over 4 hours that night. Every night since then, we talked on the phone every day for hours at a time. If it wasn't for her, I would've averaged more than 4 hours sleep a day!! I began to grow very fond of her as well. I got incredibly jealous when she dated my best friend Allen. He treated her like crap and that really upset me. They broke up after a month, but because he was best friend, I couldn't ask her out. I wasn't sure what the consequences would have been. She moved to California in early June, and that was probably the most sad I'd ever been in my life. A few months before she left, I decided to tell her how I felt, and to my surprise, she felt the same way about me. That actually depressed me even more, because I passed up the chance to be with the girl I wanted to be with most. Well, things don't always work out the way you want them to.       One thing I'm worried about right now has nothing to do with what I've been talking about. Its my car stereo. Many people think I'm weird because I have this fascination with naming my possessions. For example, my car stereo cost over 2200 and I named it Veronica. My tennis rackets have names as well. My favorite racket is called Excalibur. Anyway, I'm famous for my stereo because not only does it sound very nice, but it can shake your house from miles away. hehe. Well, my apartment that I live in isn't in the nicest of neighborhoods, so I've been extra cautious about playing it loud so that people won't know its in there. Last night though, I was showing off to one of my friends and forgot about it. A group of who appeared to be "gang members" walked past my car and everyone of them was staring at my car. I heard stories about how many people got their cars broken into, so I was really scared at that moment. I'm always looking out the window when I hear a noise now. It's getting kind of ridiculous. My roommate warned me about that, but I was too caught up in trying to show off to my friends. I can only hope that it doesn't get stolen. I've got a huge headache right now too. I think it's a combination of several factors. One, is that I haven't gotten any sleep. Another is that I am "kind of" sick right now, feeling a little light headed. Its also very hot in this house. I try to take naps after class, but I had absolutely no time today. But at least I have the weekend to look forward to. My eating habits have been rather unhealthy as well. Too much fast food and going out. Its showing too, around the gut that is! Some people have started calling me "jiggly jay", while others change it up a little and call me "gigolo jay. " I'm not quite sure why they call me Jay either. My name is Jason and I've always gone by Jason. Some things just don't have an explanation I guess. Hope you enjoyed reading this. 


Ok I'm thinking about old school Nintendo man those were the days, my friend Ryan had a lot more game than I did but I did not meet him till 8th grade and until then I though I had a lot of games, which I guess is saying your happy with what you got till some on else gets more than you and then jealousy sets in but id like to think I've grown somewhat sense then . I remember a science tech class I used to take in 8th grade. all years go back to 1988 almost everything has some tie in my mind to 1988 I don't know why and It pops up o very often. It's Like velma from scooby do all cartoons go back to Velma, I guess you'd have to see Cartoon network to understand it, m thinking of my mom It's odd but I sometimes worry that she worries too much about me, she was really overprotective but very loving, and now I still have feelings like hatred for being held back by her over protectiveness. SO whenever we are together I try to make sure she doesn't think I turned out goo because some how I still feel a grudge against her methods and think I missed out too much when I was little. nnnnnnnnnnnn captain N that was a cool cartoon. hmmm I wonder I caryn is around or Selena they are kind of friends of my best friend so It kind of awkward but I think they really like me more than I deserve because Ryan always says things to them about me and well I'd like to get to know them better but It awkward because he was friends with them first . I reorganized my room this ear it pretty cool. Something you just don't turn in for a grade even if you think it wont be read but just let it be known I'm thinking f those things. well enough of that what is on my mind. the lawnmower man. that doctor guy who look like a gu from that x-files rip off kieger or something. the At tem a crack force of firearms specialist design to heighten an experience, if I can't even understand now that was true stream of conscience I lost complete control let me try again, Hotdogs, mustard, ice cream, maybe I'm hungry, barbecue chips, why the hell did I just think of feminine hygiene product , milk ducts, cows, chickened, crunch, superheroes, dad comics, pride, going monkey zoo hen turkey target where I work love in the zoo with oink hungry I ran and bombings in Libya contra scandal the e president a cool president I like if only to be rebellious and also the Kennedy's stereotypical drinkers which I will be partaking in he festivities to night but you know that's ok I guess I finally got that damned questionnaire filled out after I thought it had not saved because it read 0% when I logged in again but I guess I was just being an ass. I don't like it when I'm ignored I know I act stupid and say silly things a lot but oh well that guy Joe next door is doing something Damn I think I really want a girlfriend again it really sucks not being able to act straight around girls I just have to stop being shy and be suave but less rryohoyoho a pirates life for me and al I can say is that the future is looking bright and I've got to got rrahhh rrahhh run away tommyboy is a really good movie despite what people might say I think it s really funny at a lot of parts well looks like my time is running up so I ill go tell no one or else I will probably be embarrassed. 


I probably will not get too much typed because I type kind of slow. Anyway,  my Girlfriend is not talking to me today. It actually started yesterday because she says that I don't back her up. Whatever. Anyway, Lately we have been getting into a lot of fights. I think she is only PMSing this time thought. Oh well. Ernie left his Binaca on my desk. He better leave today,  That boys got to go home. I'm actually typing kind of fast now. Johnny's Pekkle is so dirty. I need to make more friends. I also need to call either Jefferson or James and find out when the IEEE meeting is tonight. I still have to write for 12 more minutes. It took me a long time to Get on to the psy homepage. I wonder why because all the other Internet sites I go to always show up real fast. I guess Kristine is not going to go with me to sign up for psychology experiments. By the way I thing that these experiments that we have to do are BS. I think that that the psychology department needs someone to experiment on so they make the psy301 students be the guinea pigs( I think I spelled that wrong. Oh well. )  If we don't do the experiments they punish the students by making them write a 5 to 10 page paper. Ultimatum. I really need to work on my spelling but I won't. Oh yea I also have to pay the $4 it owe UT. I'll do that by TEX after I finish this essay. I still have 4 minute left. I really hate writing papers. I'm Glad that I got out of English. Everybody says that I need to get into study groups if I want to survive Engineering. I Need to get into some study groups I guess. By the way I didn't mean to caps the "need" in the last sentence. Oh well. It's 2:36 So I guess I'm about done now. LALALALALALALALALA 


Entering a big campus with so many different people, how interesting. This will be kind of a new experience, meeting other students just as smart or even smarter. I can bring ideas to this school and to others as well as the school and students to me. Hopefully, I do well, or excel beyond my potential where I can feel proud and to just prove my abilities to myself. Things now are a little different, where I live, what I eat, who I meet. But it seems that everybody has to deal with the same things or hurdles in that everybody are fighting, scratching, or just competing to be the best or is everybody just content to making to college?  Due to their being content, the race for those competing will be easier for them, but are we in a rat race to achieve greatness?  There are also other things in life other thatn to prove that one person is somehow better academically because of a test made by some professor and to the subjects covered by what the professor says, there's to find leisure time when not having to study. School can be easily sluffed off, but students are paying for classes in which makes a person certified to do a job in which that person studied. Money don't grow on trees; people gots to earn it, to feel good about oneself. But it's also the little things that can a person feel good like just getting together with friends and talking, to eat something that's very tasteful, to just observe how folks interact with certain situations and how watching or observing these things can help me without me having to go through, but somethimes some things have to experienced by oneself to fully understand. Things aren't what they always seem just by loooking. College has too much to offer, where everything arent' feasible to understand, and just let things be. 


I am almost done with my pre-testing survey. I think I have 92% of it done. I would have finished it, but I got kicked off. I will try again later. I am excited right now about tonight because I am going to see Shania Twain in concert. I am starting to listen to country now, and I really like it. I like it because the songs actually are saying something, and not just rambling on. Most of the songs deal with love and life, which I find very interesting. This weekend I might go home. That is why I wanted to finish the pre-testing and the writing assignments either today or tomorrow, so that I can go home if I decided to. I have mixed feelings about going home. I want to go home because on of my friends' step-father has cancer and is not doing well at all. The doctors didn't give him much time. His family is having a benefit bar-b-que to raise money to help pay his medical bills. I am not that close to my friends' family, and I am somewhat close to my friend, so I don't know if I should go home and help out or not. My services were not asked for, however, I think it would be a kind gesture to go down and help, because extra help is always useful during things like this. Also, I would appreciate a friend's help if I was in a situation like this. Also, my cousin and his fiancé are having their engagement party on Saturday evening. I don't really want to go because those things are usually boring, but I am standing up in the wedding, so I thought it would be nice to go. If I can't make it they will understand, in fact I don't think I would even be missed that much, but you never know. I don't want to go home because I just went home two weekends ago. I am kind of confused as to whether or not I will go, but I have tonight to decide. Right now I am kind of feeling good about myself because I just got the results back from a test I took Wednesday in my Medical and Science Terminology Class. I got a 104. The highest grade you could get was a 107, so I did pretty good. Also, my sister (who is two years older than I) and I are taking the same class and we were kind of competing to see who gets a better grade. The night before, she thought she had it all down and was confident that she would do better than I. However, She ended up getting a 92 on the test. So I feel good about myself because in a way I proved myself to her. Now, though, I have to continue to do well so that at the end of the semester I can have a good grade, and even maybe it will be better than hers. Earlier my sister and I went to lunch and we had a small argument. It is nothing too unusually for us to argue, but I just feel bad. I think I could have been more considerate of her feelings. We argued because she wanted me to walk with her from Jester to Guadalupe St. I would have gone normally, but it was raining outside and I did not want to get wet. I guess that was mean of me not to join her, so I told her to wait for me and she kept going, so I just stayed at Jester. I feel bad now, because I should have gone with her, but oh well. I will just have to call her later and apologize. Hopefully she will forgive me. Right now I am also worried because I don't know if I completed this assignment correctly. I am not sure, because I don't know if this was what you wanted me to write. Well, I hope I did. 


I haven't been in the mood to do any homework. I find it very hard just to sit down and study. As a Freshmen, I have found many new experiences in the past week. Finally getting my email hooked up, I received my mail that has been sitting in my inbox for about a week. My good friend from home wrote me from South West. She informed me of great news. She is having a ball at her new school. She is on the drill team, and making many new friends. Which leads me to about one o'clock yesterday(sunday). As I came home from church, I was excited to see that I had two messages all for me! :)  The first one is from a friend who attends UT. The other was from my best friend, who sadly is going to another college in Wacol. We could only talk for about fifteen minutes, which wasn't enough time. However, it was long enough so I could hear all about the great time she is having with all of her new friends. Which leads me to the point that I am feeling terribly lonely. I don't mean to sound jealous of my friends good fortunes, but I am envious. See, I came to UT because I didn't want to go to A&M because my brother went there. UT and A&M were the only two schools which I applied. Truthfully, I am not too excited about coming here. However, I don't want to go to A&M. It's so secluded and a good two hours farther from home. Anyway, so I moved up here and moved into an apartment because my mom thinks dorms are too loud. So I have a roommate who is twenty and she does her own stuff and is hardly home!  I am always here all by myself. I have a total of four friends up here. One of which, Heather, I spent all of my senior year bickering with because she never seemed to respect my religious views. She knows how to get under my skin. However, we are closer than any of my other friends up here. Which leads to the final three. Lindsey goes to St. Edwards, and is so homesick. She misses her boyfriend and her mother, which is understandable. Katie is a nice and wonderful, but we haven't spent too much time together, and Sandra. Sandra I've known since the seventh grade and didn't talk to her much my junior and senior years. You see her and Lindsey are best friends and they got in a fight their junior year and stopped talking, so me being the insincere person which I am takes Lindsey's side. My reasoning was because I thought Sandra was inconsiderate of others needs. You see, I had every single class with her our Sophomore year, and we kind of got tired of each other. So back to the present. I don't really know anybody, and I am bad at meeting people because I don't know what to say. Don't think I'm quite or shy because that's far from it, but I just don't know how to go up to people and strike up a conversation. Which leaves me very lonely. It's mainly my fault because I don't want to spend much time with Heather because we just know the right way to almost kill each other. Katie, who is great and there really isn't a good excuse except I don't really feel connected(is that stupid?) Lindsey, who is so homesick that she doesn't want to do anything. And Sandra, who called me yesterday just to talk. Now how nice is that?  I mean, I went to Sandra's today before class, and I had fun. She's nice, not to mention beautiful, skinny, and very smart(very. )  Which I guess why I used to have bad feelings towards her. She's invited me to do stuff with her and her new friends(which she made) but I kind of want to meet my own friends. I group of new friends. Also, Lindsey the homesick one made friends too. Which is good, because she needs to be happy. However, I think it is about time for me to make some friends. Well, also I tried out for the ballet class here. It sucks!  I'm so mad. There are two classes a freshmen class and an intermediate. I was stuck in the freshmen class. It is so bad. I've taken ballet for fifteen years and have been en pointe for eight. Not to mention there is no pointe here!  I am not trying to sound smug, because I was far from being the best at my studio at home. But these girls are beginners, and some of the stuff we are doing is so elementary. Don't get me wrong, I was going to use this to my own benefit and work on techinque, but when the teacher stopped us in the middle of a combination, to tell us were to "place our arm on the barre"  I almost died. I know where to put it. I don't need help with that. I need help with my turnout, extension, balance!  NOT WITH WERE TO PUT MY ARM ON THE BARRE!  Well, as you can see I am not excactly a happy camper. I'm glad I wrote this, it was fun. My fingers feel like they are going to fall off, but I'm sure I need to get used to that. Well, I'm going home this weekend to go see a ballet my company puts on. It's Peter and the Wolf. We've done it before. It's going to be cute. I was the Duck, my friend Sarah(who goes to South West) was the Bird. She was a great dancer. She was strong and very precise, she danced the lead in the Nutcracker(not Clara, but the Dew Drop)  she shared it with Elizabeth who dance the Cat. Elizabeth is a beautiful dancer she has such grace. She was going to go to Oklahoma on a scholarship, but she ruptured her disc and can't dance for a year, so she stayed home. My other good friend is Ginny, she's a sophomore. She is very good because she was dancing with all of us who are two years older. So those are all of my wonderful friends in ballet. I love ballet, we also have this one dancer named Vanessa, she has extension to die for. That means her leg goes all the way to her ear. She is great. I love ballet, that makes me so happy. Well, thanks for this assignment, I'll see you in class, but I doubt you'll see me!  I'll probably drop by you office sometime!  I hope this makes since! 


I'm really not sure what to write because I just am not feeling anything right mow but I am feeling good because I am listening to good music and that is something that will always make me feel good and I don't know why but even if I am really down music picks up and makes me feel better and I especially like to go to see live shows that is just about the only thing I really love to go out and do usually I would rather just sit at home and watch TV or listen to music. I am also feeling hungry and my roommate is making some vegetarian chili which kind of scares me because I am not really into vegetarian meals but hey I might as well eat it if he is going to make it. I am also wondering how long I have been writing because it seems like a long time but I think it has only been like ten minutes or so and I am running out of things to say. I guess could talk about this girl I am seeing. She is really cool but I don't really think I want to get involved with her in the way she wants to get involved with me, but I guess I should go out on another date before I come to that conclusion. That has been something that has been bothering me because she apparently likes me a lot, but I just don't think I like her in that way that she likes me and guess that now I am out on my own this is the first real problem I have had was dating and to tell you the truth it scares the hell out of me because when it comes to sex you never know what kind of diseases a girl might have and that scares me a lot. 


I am tired today. I should have gone to bed earlier. I need to study. How much do I need to read for my classes to get A's in them? I have to do my economics homework today. I miss home I miss my family. I have never been away from home for this long. I won't get to see my parents till parents weekend but that will be really nice. I have a fraternity meeting at 6:30. I can't wait until the next football game, the game this past weekend was awesome. I need to wear a hat at the next game cause I got a bad sunburn last weekend. My face hurts from the sunburn still. I wonder when our next fraternity mixer will be. A picture reminds me of my Europe trip last summer. It was one of the best experiences I have ever had. I have a paranoid feeling that I am not doing enough work or studying, that I am neglecting something. I hate doing laundry, I have already had to do it twice since I've been in Austin. It hasn't rained since I've been here, I wonder when it will rain. I hate the heat and humidity in Austin. I can't wait till it cools down and turns into fall. The girl in my business administration class yesterday was very pretty, maybe I can go on a date with her sometime this semester. Viacom merged with CBS, maybe CBS won't be such a lousy network anymore. I need to eat lunch soon. I hope I am doing this assignment right. I hope I will have time to study tonight, I need colored pencils to finish my economics assignment, maybe my roommate has some. 


As I start this essay I am feeling a little wary because I am doing it a little late. I am starting to think about what to write. I think that if I don't write something intellingent I will come off as dumb or ignorant as to what I am feeling. I am also thinking erotic thoughts. I am also feeling embarassed for writing that down. I am scared that after reading this you will think that I am a pervert (which I am not). I am once again thinking about what to write; once again thinking that if I don't write something smart I will come off as dumb. I am beginning to think of friends from back home. People I left behind, family, friends, teachers with whom I had pretty good relationships. I am now thinking of a conversation I had with two other friends on a very private issue. My father comes into my head also, times I have spent with him after he and my mother seperated. Then I think of times with my stepmother and how my mother would dislike it if she knew that I acknowledge her as someone related to me. I am now feeling a little anxious because I do not want my sister to come home right now and see that I wrote something about having erotic thoughts. I now am thinking of a girl in one of my classes. It isn't erotic, I am just thinking of what she looks like in the class and how I would like to talk to her sometime. Then I start to feel a little down because I haven't made any really close friends in college yet, just aquaintences. Again I am thinking about what to write. I just got an image of the capitol as it looks from the tower and I just thought about the tower. I think about going to Mezes hall to sign up for an experiment. I am now worrying again because I haven't signed up for one. 


Well, I suppose one of the first things that enter into my mind are why in the world did I wait this long to get assignments like this done. I always put a lot of unneccesary pressure on myself by putting these things off. I haven't been doing in college so far, but I know if I was more productive with my time I'd be better off. That and money. I haven't been very good with money lately. Oh, I have plenty to live on, but I spend a LOT of money on things I simply don't need. I also tend to spend money unwisely, like buying things somewhere when I KNOW I can get them somewhere else much cheaper, but I buy it anyways because it's there and convenient. I don't have any income right now eithher, I need a work-study job, but that shouldn't be too hard. I've already paid my rent for the semester, and so a job should cover my phone bill and other little living expenses just fine. I've got some more money coming in for doing webpages for other people, too. The unfortunate thing is, it's getting to a point where it's almost a home-run business, and I'm beginning to worry about whethter or not taxes become an issue. I hate filling out forms, much less loads of tax forms. I'm only 18, and it's a thing I do on the side to make extra money, and I don't know if I should be concerned with such a thing as business tax forms and accounting. I've only done three small commerical webpages . . I don't know if that excuses me from anything. I need to talk to some expert about that. Money is no object to me, in the end, though. That's probably why I'm so careless about most of it. I have been keeping a pretty tight track of it, though, just to make sure I don't go broke. I'm looking at buying a computer, and I think I have just enough. My work study job then could easily cover my little living expenses. I also spend a good bit on music, which is something I'm really into. Not music in general, mind you, but just the stuff I listen too. A lot of it is fairly obscure . . I'm not even talking about rock obscure or grunge obscure or world music obscure. I listen to a good bit of forgotten artist's stuff, like albums they release after they've had their heydey - which is usually in the 80s. I listen to music basically all the time. My roommate has actually been pretty cool about me playing the music all the time, sometimes I wonder if he minds, but I don't think he does. We have a guitar in our room, and it's my roommate's. He doesn't play it too often, only a bit now and then. He's decent. I don't know anything, though. I'm not muscially inclined, personally, in any way. I don't sing or play any insturments, though I wish I did. Something like keyboards or drums would be cool, but I've been learning to apprecaite the guitar more. I like to hear guitarists who make them sing and make distinct sounds than the heavy clunky stuff most grunge-rock-alternative bands make. Steve Hackett, when he was a guitarist for Genesis way back when, is a great example. I heard somewhere that he would try to make the guitar sound more synthesized, and as a result, he played some interesting solos. He made the band sound a little more Floyd-ish I guess. Still, that's the kind of guitar I'd like to learn to play. Acoustic riffs would be neat to learn, too. The keyboards would be tough, but I'd think the most fun to play could be the drums. Drummers have a lot of different styles, I've noticed. I wouldn't leanr to play really fast and make a lot of noise, I would want to learn how to play perfectly timed melodic noises - stuff that doesn't take just speed, but lots of skill, too. I don't know how most bands play it now a days, but drums don't always particularly stand out in some songs now a days, but I guess a lot of them don't hold that as important. When Phil Collins was drummer for Genesis, the drums had moments in the songs when they really stood out. Not because they were loud, neccessarily, but because they were different with what you usually heard. They didn't go along with the song, they would almost LEAD the song. Really, though, all of the members of the band Genesis make it such a great band, which if you haven't caught on by now, is my favorite band. I'm getting a little tired and I have lot more reading and some homework to do. Tomorrow is Monday and classes start up again. Fun. 


It is just past one a. m. and I feel like doing this now. I'm not really tired and know that I should go to bed because I have to go to class at eight tomorrow. I've done all of my homework and am extremely bored. I just got off the internet with my boyfriend back at home, which would be Conroe. He's lonley just like me and we have been talking for about three hours. I miss him a lot and don't quite know what to do. I really don't have a lot of friends here. I had seven best friends that I grew up with since around fourth grade and all seven of them went to A&M. I really feel left out. They all e-mail me and tell me what a great time they are having and I wish I were with them. I've wanted to come here since I was in fifth grade though, so this is a dream come true for me. I just wish I had someone to talk to. They were always there for me and we always had a great time. I also miss my family, which is probably to be expected in the first weeks of college. My brother called me today, he is 13, and told me that he just got a new dwarf hamster and I know he got it just because I told him last week that they were the cutest things. He takes everything I say to heart, even if he dosen't know it. My mom's and my brother's birthday is in a week and I'm not sure if I can get home. I wasen't able to bring my car up here so I'm stuck at the mercy of my roommate. I just want to be there for their birthday's. If my roommate dosen't go home though then I'm stuck up here. I've known Sara for quite a long time. For about eight years. We've never really been best friends or anything but we decided to room together because we knew we could trust each other. She is pretty neat, although she does complain a lot. I have really nothing against here though. I'm kinda hungry, if you would like to know that. Instead of eating dinner I went down the hall and watched the MTV music awards and ate candy and popcorn and I'm still hungry. I don't want to have to get up in the morning. When I scheduled my classes I should not have put four classes in one day, but I had no choice. I'm really regretting it now though. Homework is hard to do if it all has to be done on the same day. I'm also taking an aerobics class and it is quite fun. I never expected it to be so physical though. I know you are supposed to exercise and all, it's just that it hurts. I am so out of shape and it just makes me aware of that fact. My eyes are getting all fuzzy. And it is very cold. I'm getting tired now and I think it is because of all the blue writing on the white background. I wasen't tired before. So, my twenty minutes is almost up and I might go to bed now. I doubt it, I am a night person. I'd rather stay up all night and sleep all day. That would be great. Well, I'll talk to you in the next writing assignment. 


Right now it is 1:40. I don't really know what to write about. But, I guess I will just go with the flow. I can't really get use to this computer, because it keeps skipping lines and messing up. I got it about one month ago. i guess that over all it is pretty nice. I am so full. I just ate breakfast , and I think that my stomache is going to explode. But that is okay. I wonder if anyone is actually going to read this. Sorry, this is a bit abstract. I would hate to have to sit there and read over five hundred of these papers. wow, it has only been five minutes and I still have fifteen minutes left. I can't believe that school has only been going on for two weeks. It is weird because it seems like I have done a lot in the past two weeks. But, it seems to be going really fast. I think that my next test is next week . who said. . sorry listening to leah anrioni. Most of her songs have to do with questioning god's or man's motives. it is actually interesting to just listen to the lyrics. I wonder whi write her songs. I guess I could just look at the cd, but I'm too lazy. I wdonder if I should call jr. oh, sorry that is my boyfriend. I would have to wait till I am done with this anyway. I wonder what my life would be like if I had gone out of state. a long distance relationship would not have worked. too much time away from him. and I guess too much room to doubt his/my actions. this is better, because later I can always go. when is the first test in this class? I hope that I didn't have to read anything for next time. god, I keep hitting thr caps lock. that is so annoying. I hate reading my professors book in religios studies. he probably made us get it just to increas the book sells. that woould be kinda funny if he read this. well, not really, but I would laugh about it in about a year. Three more minutes. I think melissa went back to san antonio today. I don't really want seema, my room mate, to come back. she is nice , but it has been nice to not have to listen to her talk all the time. I pretty much like my space. and she talks all the time. but I am sure that there are some very annoying things about me also. hey , my time is up. later. 


I feel really crappy, today, I didn't get enough sleep last night. I think part of it is the Texas loss on Saturday, especially the way they loss. Least the Cowboys won last night. So far I haven't been very home sick. It might be because my roommate went to the same high school as I did. I have also been able to talk to my parents a lot because of instant chat. My mom wnts to get a web cam so she can actually see me. I think she has a hard time with me leaving, I'm the first child to leave home. The network here at UT is really cool. The connect rates are really fast. I had a crummy 28. 8 modem at home. My dad was going to get DSL, but we lived to far from the central office, that sucks. I'm really hungry now. I'm not hungry in the morning, but halfway through class, my stomach starts to hurt. It's probably because I'm used to sleeping late and not eating breakfast at all. 10 min to go. I'm not taking an English this year. That's good. I don't like to write papers very much. You might write a paper you feel is perfectly valid, but turns out to be wrong. Yet you put so much work into it. 6 min. Milk tastes pretty good. I'm used to 2% at home, but here, my roomate and I just buy the full vitamin D milk, yum. I hope there isn't a writing length, I'm having sensation block. 3 min. Time is almost up. Might take a nap, my next class isn't for another 5 hours. I don't have classes on Fridays which is so cool. 1 min. My alarm is about to go off. Set it for 20 min, so I wouldn't write too much. Time's up.    


This is supposed to be a free writing assignment where I just write for 20 minuets about stuff that just pops into my head. The question here is what pops into my head. I don't think I really have that much going on up there. I mean I guess I could talk about J. She lives in S. C. and is a voice performance major. From the moment I saw here I could see we were going to have many greats times together and just be full of laughs. This girl T has started stalking me and I don't know what to do about it. She keeps writing me Emails asking if I have a girlfriend and weather she can stay in my apartment when she comes up for the airport rave. I'm going to the Union tonight because they are going to have free bowling. I wonder if Harsh still works there or not. Speaking if harsh I haven't talked to him in a while. I should probably give him a call or something like that. I have so much stuff I have to do. Like for my CC class I have to read a whole book this weekend, which is going to be hard for me because I have such a slow reading rate. I'm not so worried about my comprehension because I can usually remember most of the stuff I read. Like the quiz I took in my CC class. I thought it was going to be really hard because there was so much information I had to go over, so I ended up just skimming most of the assigned reading. It turned out that I remember almost all the relevant stuff and did pretty well on the quiz. I want to go see a movie this weekend. Something like cell. The person who did the costumes for Bram Stoker's Dracula did the costumes for cell so they should be really interesting. I still haven't picked up Basil's pictures yet. He called and asked for them like two days ago. He said he is having a blast in Washington DC. He has made a couple of friends, which is more than I have done. I can't seem to make any new friends. Its just so hard. I mean when I think about it all I have to do is talk to people and follow up on them. I think I'm a nice guy and easy to get along with, I just do like to put forth any effort when I comes to basically anything. I want to go down to the Valley this weekend because Jordan said that there is going to be some good surf. That lucky bastard. He is getting into Kite sailing which seems to me like it would be so much fun. I mean I love flying kites in the first place and I love to windsurf so putting the 2 together is just an awesome idea. I really miss J. She really has a way of bringing out the good parts of me. ,. I am always more talkative. Well not always I mean like when I saw her a couple of weeks ago it took me a while before I was ready to talk. I don't now why I don't talk a lot. I mean I guess I don't really have that much to say. Either that or I just think that it wont be interesting to people to have them listen to me. I am always the quiet one in large groups of people. Except for a couple of times. Lie when I went over to Mike and paulino's house the other day I was in total control of the situation. But. I lost my train,. someone interrupted me. , He asked if I had a printer and I said yes. Its not hooked up thought. I need to find a power transformer for it. I guess I can find one at circuit city or office max or something. I just don't want to take the time to go out and find one. Plus that would involve me getting out the specifications of my printer to find. I really miss my high school even though it has gone to shit in the past couple of years. Like they took away all the funding for the year book. Which sucked in the first place because we didn't get our senior year books until the next year. How lame is that? Anyway the year books this year are going to be real small and all in black and white. Sucks to be CHad's gfriend since he still goes there and she is a senior and this is the first year that they have done this. I hear the new principal is changing a lot besides just funding I hear he is a great guy and all but I think he is just adding to the down fall of the school. I predicted when I graduated that the school wouldn't keep its high standings that it had for the past 8 years for very much longer. I guess my powers of foresight Prometheus or whatever that Cyclops' name is. I've learned a lot in all my classes already. I've also read a lo more than I usually do. Those bastards at the UTLC are going to make me take 10 hours of. Yves saw me today. We are going to the union tonight. He was the one I was talking to about cell. I wanted to go ice skating but I didn't say anything. I need to realize that people can read my mind. well at least not all of them. Have I written enough yet? It seems like I have been typing for an eternity. Oh well I guess ill stop. 


Ok, so I don't understand how people can get into relationships that are so suffocating. My friend was just telling me how his girlfriend was mad at just because he didn't call her right at 12am. He also told me that he couldn't tell his girlfriend that he was out with me at HEB because then that would make her jealous. What kind of relationship is that when there is no trust, even though they say they love each other. Blah, blah, blah. They've been going out for less than 3 months and they are talking about love and marriage. I can't imagine falling in love so quickly. Maybe that is because I've never been in that situation before. My friends always ask why I don't date. I've been trying to figure out that myself. I usually use the "copout" answer that I don't have the time which is indeed true. I also think that I don't date because I haven't found the person who I click with. There are some friends I feel totally comfortable around, but they are too good of friends and that would be way too awkward. Supposedly, as others say, I could get any guy I want, but I totally doubt that. I guess I just have a low selfesteem, but I don't know. That's kind of an extreme statement to make. I think also I've been so independent all my life because of mommy and daddy always being at the restaurant that I basically raised myself. There could have been so many opportunities for me to turn bad, but I didn't. Yet, things my parents never think anything is good enough. I feel like they always see the bad in me. If I do something good, they praise that, but automatically follow with a negative quality about me. How do you think that makes me feel? What's the point of trying if nothing if ever good enough. I always do things to please others. I am doing pharmacy because my parents want me to and I don't want to disappoint them because I see how hard they work and what they have gone through with my brother. I sometimes get so depressed when I realize that they are putting all their hopes on me and they make me feel guilty when I don't do what they want me to do. Sometimes I feel it is too much pressure on me and I just want to cry and give up everything. Don't they understand that that is too much pressure for me and that I might crack one day and go crazy. Sometimes I always ask why me and why my family. like why are we going through these tough financial situations when we are such good people. But then I realize how lucky we are. We have a home, food, and all the people in my immediate family are healthy and living. I hear horror stories of what other people have to suffer through and I make it a point to not take anything for granted because EVERYTHING could completely change in a blink of an eye. I also ask why are all the girls so much prettier than me and why I'm not as smart as others. Then I hear kids that are born with mental retardation and makes me realize how lucky I am to be healthy and normal. It so hard sometimes to see of all the good things you have when you envy what others have. That's a serious problem I have. I should just be content with what I have and not worry about what others have. I like to be nice to others but when I see my friends giving more attention and things to my other friend who is always mean and whiney, what's the use of being nice and submissive. Why do all the good "guys" lose? I guess that is just how the world works and that is so pathetic. I guess that is how human nature is. I went to the UT Dance Clinic tonight and I wish I was good enough to make it. I just don't pick up combinations up as quickly as the other girls. I wish I could because I really want to make it. I love to dance. I wish I could do that for the rest of my life but I am not good enough to make it my profession. It is so relaxing and I truly love doing it. I don't think pharmacy is what I want to do for the rest of my life. It seems to boring. But I have absolutely no idea what I want to do. I guess I haven't found my niche in the world. I wish I just knew what I wanted to do and go with it. Why do I change my mind so often? Life would be so much easier if I could just figure out what exactly I wanted to do with my life. I just hope my future is all I hope it to be. happy, prosperous, healthy, and with someone I truly love. 


I'm pretty out of it right now, still pretty sleepy. But I know I've got to do this since it's due in 3 hours. I can feel the onset of a headache, I don't know why. I think I've gotten enough sleep. Maybe it's because I haven't eaten enough. As soon as I 'm done, I'm going to pig. I'm kind of worried about my classes. I've already missed more than I should. I haven't missed any psychology but that's only because it's only twice a week and, more importantly, it doesn't start 'til 3:30. It's my latest class; all my rest are earlier in the morning. I've had a lot of trouble getting up. However, I think I can manage to catch up. I don't think I've missed anything terribly important. My lip is feeling a little funky right now. I got it pierced a few days ago. I really can't say why I did it. Maybe to set myself apart from others, maybe because I'd never done anything like it, maybe because I'm a teenager and I'm "rebelling. " I think I deserve to, too, since I don't drink, smoke, or do anything like that. I don't know how my parents are going to feel about it. Obviously, they're not going to be happy. But I don't think they can get too upset. Like I said, I stay away from all the alcohol and stuff like that that is rampant in college, so hopefully they'll allow me this one thing. I think I've been a pretty decent kid. I've also been taking care of my lip so it doesn't get infected so they shouldn't have to worry about it. Plus, my brother got a tattoo his first semester up here and I think that's more dangerous, especially since he got it on his spine. One thing that has me really nervous was caused by my own stupidity. I was over at my friend's house last night and he'd bought a doityourself haircut kit. Me, wanting to save a few bucks, gave it a shot on myself. Well, to trim my sideburns, I took off the clipper thing and just left the razor which is about a "0. " Anyway, I go to the other room to ask my friend how it's looking. He says it's all right but needs a little work. So I go back to the sink, pick up the clipper and proceed to run it up the back of my head. Immediately, from the sound, I could tell that I'd forgotten to put the #2 clipper on; it was still on "0. " Now, I've got a bald spot on the back of my head. I really started freaking out. People would think I was a freak. I wasn't going to shave my head, but I had my friend fix it up as beast he could but it's still pretty obvious. Now, I've got to wear a hat backwards for at least a week so no one will notice. I'm pretty selfconscious. If I thing there's something wrong with my looks, it becomes pretty hard for me to talk to people I don't know. Which sucks since I'm already pretty shy and since I'm still trying to meet new people. It looks like the twenty minutes are up now. I hope I did this assignment right. 


So here I go. I'm writing. Don't know what though cause I think this is hard. Tapping fingers. click, click, click I wish it was Friday This is very artificial. Rereading my words  I don't like it. I thought I would have more to say, but so far not much is coming up. I'm a very bad typist? whatever. Let's go on. I like my rings. I have only four on my fingers, I think I need more. All silver. There was a pause there. So much for writing for a full 20 minutes, including ALL thoughts. :)I like that. Look(!),I bet I don't even get a scrolly bar thing. Yes, my one page stream, more like trickle, of consciousness. So anyways I guess I'll be like everyone else and tell you about my dog. He's a cutie. A mutt but I love him the more for it. I think he's his own breed or dog or whatever. Yup, he's a shortie. We're always tripping over him, poor thing. (Pause) Tap, tap, tap. I wish I could type faster, like the girl next to me. Damn her. oohooh, my time's almost up. Did I mention I like my nails too. I painted them real pretty. I'll have to show them to Chela. I can't wait until Friday. It's been forever since we've all gone out. Time's up. 


Roommates are playing music very loudly. Although, this music is good blues unlike the top 40 crap that normally comes blaring out of their speakers. My roommate is on the phone with a friend complaining about his classes, assignments, his teachers, and the other usual complaint. In the back of my mind I am a bit nervous about the paper I have to write for my Rhetoric 306 class. procrastination was a big problem of mine throughout high school. For a change, I wrote a page of the paper last night. However, I am not sure of the quality but nevertheless it is only a first draft and I just need to turn it in on time. Bing! Bang BooM! I hope I see this girl named Melissa at the Delta Gamma mixer tonight. I can't believe she lived in my hometown of Kansas City for two years. It's A small world after all. It's a small, small world. Bought printer paper today. Need to call my brother. Need to email my English teacher. So many things so little time. Oh well, keep on keeping on. I wonder why my brother Brent has not emailed me back. I wonder where he is? Did he leave Seattle? Who Knows? blankness washing over me. Who, who, who let, who let who who who let them dawgs out? Whistling in the hall. Shut Up! You are annoying me and taking over my stream of consciousness, but I guess it doesn't really matter what goes through the stream because the whole idea is just to type what is going through the mind. What is going through the mind? Tired? No, not particularly. Back is getting a little stiff though. Count backwards from 150 by seven and see if stress level goes up. Sickness. I was sick last week. coughing coughing coughing. runny nose, headache, ears hurt, throat hurt. Aaaagghh! Maggie. I miss my baby girl. She is a one year old poodle who I spent my entire summer with because of my broken leg. I miss her. I think she misses me. I hope she misses me. She has been sleeping on my bed. I hope she doesn't think I have abandoned her. Whistling. Boy, these guys are loud. Two days after a workout is when you are at your peak soreness. Full hour late for class. Oh boy, I am repeating the words of the guy that just walked into my room. Daily Texan. Something about the Daily Texan. Forever and ever amen. blankness Blank Man starring Damon Wayans was a really bad movie. Pure Crap! Soreness. I feel soreness too. My neck. Huge! Wow! Neat! OK Ok My printer is working pretty well. Printed off a bunch of stuff for biology. Three minutes left. Copies. Copies. Who let the dawgs out? This tune has become the anthem of the hall. One side actually likes the piece of rubbish. The other side plays it as a joke. Forever and ever amen. Ben Folds Five 


Somehow I just submitted an blank assignment so hopefully this one will submit when it is completed. I should be studying for my first astronomy test right now. Somehow I managed to put it off until the last minute like I did with this writing assignment. I need to break this procrastination problem before I get any further into the semester. I have this problem every fall that I have been in college. In spring I am fine I get everything done ahead of time. I am sure it has nothing to do with fall or spring. I am hoping this fall my grades will be awesome but it is hard adjusting to a new environment. I just transferred to UT after 2 years at the University of North Texas. I have been living here now for almost three weeks. I feel like I'm on vacation or something. While I miss my old apartment and friends, I am very happy to be here at UT. I couldn't get in to UT directly after high school because of my class rank. I didn't really concern myself with school in high school. Suddenly when I started at UNT academics became more important to me and my grades improved. I applied to UT expecting to not get accepted because I had heard horror stories of how hard it is to transfer in. It came as a complete surprise when my parents called and told me I got a letter of acceptance. I instantly decided that I was ready for the move. It never really hit me that I was leaving my friends behind in Denton until now. I think I offended one of my closest friends in Denton because I was so excited about moving and didn't really seem to care that I was leaving. Suddenly two weeks before I moved she decided irrationally that she never wanted to speak to me again. Oh well. I love Austin. 


I just ate brisket, rice and kimchi. It is a very odd mixture but it was really good. I can still smell the barbecue sause and taste the sause on the corners of my mouth. I can't believe how much things I want to accomplish this semester and everything seems to go slow. It is difficult making friends because I'm not used to ssing so many students in one class, and everything time i have a ifferent group of people I sit with. I feel lonely and a little bit frustrated sense I am not really sure what would make me feel alittle better. It is Friday and it seems like it is the weekend, it is a bit odd because i am not in school or in class. A few minutes ago I came back from Barnes and Nobles, and I attempted to study Biology, Chemistry and alittle bit for this class but I only managed to study for Biology. Mitosis, what an interesting process. It is still boring because I know all this material from high school. I get so bored of learning the old material over and over again. However, this chapter did continue on with the enzymes and other chemical components it needed. I am so tired right now. I had a very nice sleep, maybe a little over eight hours but I am so tired. I kind of dozed off at BN, and I stopped reading. Instead I picked up a Harry Potter book I haven't been able to read and started to read it. I think I wasted more time reading that book than reading one chapter in biology. I got into that book quite quickly and I wasn't able to put it down. I started to have a headache and I got hungry. i don't have a headache anymore. Gee. it's only seven minutes and i have about thirteen minutes left. How come everytime i stop counting or timing i end at the number thirteen? thirteen hours of classes, thirteen minutes left, thirteen this and thirteen that. My goodness, I must have tons of bad luck. Or. is this my lucky number? haha, that would be very interesting. I feel quite happy right now I am still remember the events that occured last night. I can still here the the drums vibrating off the speakers and the guitars and the singers that I can barely hear. Frequency. It was pretty nice for the first one I went to. It was so humid and I felt so sticky. Gross. I dont' know what I am thinking right now. My train of thought seems to be discombobulated. I always go to one subject to the next. It seems that everyone does that, but it is weird. Even when I talk to many people, I digress off the subject. I can not believe I am typing for twenty minutes. I've done this before, but I had to hand write it out. The good thing about hand writing is that it takes a longer time and you don't have to constantly think or what you are thinking next. My eyes are feeling alittle droopy now. Should I close my eyes and type? haha. . okay I will do that. i might start falling asleep if i do this. Maybe I should open my eyes again. Okay, well, I wonder if grammar and punctuation and capitalization really matters in this writing assignment. What a coincidence. . it's been THIRTEEN minutes again. Why do I do this to myself. My hands are feeling a little numb from typing this, but my palms haven't become sweating, but my fingers feel weird. Maybe it is because of the rubber band aroiund my wrist, is must be cutting off circulation. I am thinking right now that I won't be able to quit. I just heard my brother's alarm on his watch. My brother is still in highschool, I wonder how much torture he's going through. I hated US history in highschool, and now my brother is taking it. It's not that I hated the content, I didn't like the teacher. She was so evil. The clock rang that it is three-o'clock. My AIM had shut the door telling me that someone went offline. Wow, I am still going on. three more minutes left. My neck is hurtingn and I want to quit. I think this assignment is so long. I want to take a break, but I dont' think I will be able to. i think i am typing faster than i was in the beginning. I want this writing assignment to be over now. NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW! I am just babbling out. I am looking at the xperiment record sheet for psychology. Wow, five hours? YES one more minute left to do this. should I count down? I want this to be over now. I wish it was over not. why almost thirty more seconds. I am so impatient now. very impatient. VERY VERY impatient. Almost done ten more five seconds. look like it is over. 


     So I just read the asterix at the bottom of the screen about your social security number and it sounded like the most rediculous thing EVER!  I mean, obviously you don't want you SSN to be taken, but if youre telling Carla you have to speak quietly?!  So no one overhears you?!  What the hell?  I read it out loud to my roommate and good friend from high school, Margaret and she said it was probably serious because our freshman English teacher in high school got her social security number stolen. I was sick this morning and I skipped all my classes. I don't know if I should write that because now maybe you think I'm a slacker. But I really felt like complete shit. I did go out last night til like 3,  but I'm really snotty and coughing up phlegm. So last night when I got home, I had to walk home early because Margaret felt like way faint and was supertired and her face was white-it was weird. So we came back and I was a little drunk and I called my ex from high school, but he's still my best friend and we talk all the time, Jacob. It was so funny, he answered the phone- I was really surprised because he sleeps like a log, but he answered and sounded kind of awake so I asked him if i woke him up and he said no he was about to take a nap though. But I'm sure he was woken up. I really like him and I think I'll probably end up with him someday just because I can't picture ever having a friend I can confide in as much as him and I feel like he knows me inside and out-however cheesy that may seem. But I still get elated when he calls me and I love talking to him most of the time. I'm really excited because tonite I'm going to KA pledge line!  with one of my friends from high school, daniel, a KA pledge. I can't decide if i should wear this black tube dress with a white ribbon on it or this black mock turtleneck dress thats a little bit longer and supertight. Its very flattering, but it seems like guys always like strapless stuff and I have to wear my superhigh heeled shoes with the mock turtleneck dress and a lot of guys like petite girls. I might go with that one anyway though because I have like a zit on my chest and it shows with the tube one. But I've met Jeb Bush a few times and I'm way starstruck with him and want to go on a date with him really bad just so I can say I could kind of, and he's kind of short. But I have a crush on this pothead (of course)  I'm always attracted to that type (except Jacob) who's tall and his name is Clayton. I may just forget about Jeb and go for the tall shoes. haha. So I've only been writing for 11 minutes 45 seconds!  I have so much time left and I already feel like the most shallow girl ever- not to mention slacker for skipping class already. Chandler, my suite mate and I are going to go to the SSB later and then-shopping!!  You can never be too sick to shop. So right now I'm undeclared liberal arts and I was thinking about transferring to the business school and then I was like what the hell am I doing because I hate math and economics!  So I dropped economics and added art history which I do like and decided to just stick with calculus-unfortunately. I got a 75 on my calculus homework yesterday. great a C already, that sucks ass. But I'm taking textiles-which sounds like another crap course but I'm really interested in fashion merchandising as a major. I want to be a buyer when I grow up or own a cute little clothes store. I think that would be a blast. But I told my dad I was taking textiles and he laughed his ass off for like 20 minutes and I mentioned fashion merchandising (but not like I was going to do it) and he would absolutely die and disown me if I majored in that. he was like you can still major in English and be a buyer. But I know he's going to tell the whole family I'm taking textiles and theyre all going to laugh at me and think I'm dumb, but whatever. Textiles really is harder than some of my other classes like French (that you would think would be a really hard class). We have to memorize like 500 different kinds of fabrics and their properties. Yikes. So I'm like aching right now and I really think I have West Nile. Chandler's brother's friend (in Baton Rouge) had to have his appendix out because they thought it was appendicitis, but he really had West Nile. How much does that suck?!  So I like UT ok right now, but from what I've heard everyone saying about the college experience being the best thing ever, I don't know so much right now. I can't imagine ever having friends as close as the ones I had in high school or meeting people as nice as the ones in Baton Rouge. Louisiana people seem way nicer to me than Texas people. 


Well, here I am on Friday, September something. Ever since I started college I've had a hard time keeping up with the date. Not really a smart thing to do since I have to stay on top of things here. I need to start keeping a daily planner. I say that everyday but then I forget to do it and it's just one of those things that end up on my mental list of things to do. I'm pretty hungry right now. No, I take that back, I'm not that hungry. I could eat but it's not to the point where I feel like I have to eat. My friend and I are going to lunch today. I'm so glad that I've made a friend that I can hang out with and talk to all the time. It's not the same like my friends at home though. I miss Melissa and Amber. I really don't know why it is that we now talk multiple times to each other everyday but back home we would go days without speaking. We talk about nsync a lot more now too. Typical, we find comfort in them in our time of need. I wonder if the nsync guys would think that we're crazy if they knew that we talked about them everyday and that we have daily arguments about who Justin belongs to and who JC belongs to. They crack me up. Heck, I crack myself up. We talk on the phone and I have Melissa and Amber rolling on the floor with laughter. It's so awesome to make other peole laugh when usually I'm the one doing the laughter. A lot of times I just laugh to be polite. I fake it pretty well, if I do say so myself. I wonder if this assignment has to be broken up into paragraphs? Well, if this is just my one continuous thought then I guess not. Okay, I love my dorm and where we live but for goodness sakes, could somebody please turn up the air conditioning. I think the University is trying to freeze us into studying. I hope they know that they're just freezing me into complaining all the time. And another thing, is it impossible for people to not slam their doors? Really, it doesn't take that much effort to quietly close the door. I should randomly slam my door. I think every hour on the hour, I'm going to slam my door. No, that's not frequent enough. I'll slam the door every twenty minutes and see if they all get the point. Really though, dorm life is not bad at all. My dorm room is so cute and I really like my roommate. No waiting to use bathroom or shower stalls and we have an awesome living room setting. I still don't like to call this place home. Home is where Mom and Wayne are. This is where I reside. It would take a lot for me to consider this place home. I need to do my Biology homework. I wonder if all those scientists know how completely boring their jobs are? The funny thing is that at least they have something to do with their lives. I can't even decide what my favorite color is let alone what the crap I'm going to do with the rest of my life. I'm pretty sure that life as a professional bum is out of the question. Don't think Mom would be proud of me then. Okay, looks like my time is running out and I should finish this on my own rather than be cut off mid sentence. Okay, how do I end this. I really don't know. This was actually kind of fun. Just another way for me to analyze my random, boring, and crazy thoughts. Red Hot Chili Peppers on VH1 now. Got to go. And we're out in 5,  4,    3,   2,   1. Bye! (It says that I can finish writing, but honestly I got a date with a fine young man named Biology)  


     I am feeling a little worried right now about my classes and how well I'll do on the tests and other assignments. I'm used to the class settings now but it's still a little strange to me to be in a class with 100 or more students. I wonder how I'll do in my biology and chemistry classes next semester because I've already heard how difficult it is. I'm stressed out with college work due to the daily reading assignments and I have to take notes over the material for my future exams. I wish I was a senior so I can get out of this place and not have to study ever again! I miss home and I wish I could go visit sometime soon. But of course I can't because I have tests and other things coming up. I can't wait until Thanksgiving so I can go home and relax with my family and friends. I wish I knew more people here or at least have some close friends. I haven't been able to start a conversation with anyone in my class. It's probably because I'm shy and afraid to go up to a stranger and just casually start a conversation. I really do miss my high school friends and I just wish I was back in high school. It was so much easier and more fun. Oh well. . everyone said college is going to be the most fun and memorable part of your life. After attending the Tuesday night bible study, I felt really happy and greatful that I got to meet such nice and open-hearted people. The praise was great and I liked the prayer time too. I haven't prayed to God recently and it gave me the opportunity to communicate with him again. But I felt guilty because I don't pray to God like everyone else on a regular basis. It seems as though I only pray to God when I need help or feeling worried and sad. I should continually pray to him from now on because it's important that I establish an existing relationship with him. I'm glad tomorrow is Friday! Yay!! I only have 1 section tomorrow and then I'm free until Monday. Hopefully I'll have a fun weekend unlike last week when I just stayed in my dorm and study. 


       tj just got home and made his coffee. It smells good. I should have made coffee instead of drinking 3 cupsof Earl Gray tea because after two cups I have to pee every 10 to 15 minutes. Is it going to flood again. Looks like it is going to rain more. Ihope the tropical depression doesnt stall causing flooding again. We were sooo close last Nov. Itis about time for a nap. all this reading to do toady. That has to be completed today. My school schedule sucks. My work schedule sucks. Added together = triple sucking. I have NO reading time. I need to settle mom's affairs to that I don't have towork this semester. Rick will help me if the probate isnt over. He is truely manic depressive. His birthday upsetting him so he bought his 57 inch TV and now after the New Orleans deseaster his new Mercedes. Could it be from his Zoloft that he is taking for his premeture ejaculation condition?  If your mental state is fine and you takean anti depressant for a medical condition (non mental), can that cause a mental condition itself?  Was he trueful with me on the ture purpose for taking Zoloft?  Or, is he a scheemer?  The plane flying over triggered my thought that I can't beleive that it has already been a year since that traumatizing pictures on TV of 9-11. I have to pee already but I can't since this is timed. But I need to really badly, now that I thought of it. Dinner. What shall I make?  Should I save my time and just order Pizza?  I hope that my wallet that was stolen in New orleans arrives Monday. I hope that the receipts that I need to return those books are still in it. I am soo thankful that there are still good, honest people left in this world and that one found my wallet. He said that there was no money in it but what other stuff that was in the bill compartment is still there. I need to send that guy something as a thank you for your trouble to send it back to me. What should I send him?  Money for the acutal cost of sending my wallet to me and maybe a gift certificate, but from where?  I was soooo careful, making sure that my back pocket was buttoned at ALL times, almost like an obsession - constantly checking the button. Leson learned though, don't have your , never mind, strangers shouldn't have to read that thought. I hope nothing is wrong with my niece. I hope that she is not upset that I couldn't chat with her while typing this. Only 5 more minutes left. my laundy is ready to be taken out of the dryer. 4 minutes left to keep typing. I may have to restart the dryer to keep my clothes from wrinkeling. Why did I stop ironing all my clothes all the time. But it feels soooo good to not worry about little stuff like that anymore. I am pleased with the present me; although it is a VERY differnt me. Overall, I am pleased with the present. Getting over Moms death is comming along nicely. Still have my mommy moments though. I guess I always will. Im just glad that the urge to call her every sunday, like I have for years, has stopped. That was VERY irritating every sunday not getting to hear her voice. I miss her. But, thats the consiquence of love. Losing them one day. But man, the number of people that I have lost is astonishing. Damn you Reagan!!! so many deaths on your shoulder. 


 How necessary is sleep? The past few days, I have been going to morning swim practice and then my 8 A. M. classes. Is only four to five hours enough? I know that there are plenty of other students that are also recieving either this amount or even less. But is the amount of sleep affecting them to a certain degree, or can a person simply get use to it. Right now I am feeling somewhat tired, but know that I have enough homework to get done to stay awake and complete. Will all of this suddenly crash down on me, or will I get use to this kind of sleep cycle.      Also I wonder if I am organized enough to do well in most of my classes, not just to barely. Are my notes as good as they should be or should I be taking more during class? I write down most of the important or interesting points that the professor comments on, but do I need more details in order to do well.      The past few days I have recieved two different parking tickets, that I thought were unnecessary. I double checked all of the signs in the area, and even asked the front desk of my dorm, concerning that location. The signs indicated that I wasn't parked illegally, and the front desk said that it was perfectly alright to park there, if I could find a spot. But after two different parking tickets from the exact same spot, I guess I now have to pick a different location. I wonder though if the tickets will be able to be dismissed because of the lack of indication for this site. I wrote a couple of e-mails to try and appeal both tickets, but have recieved no word back. The front desk said that the people in that department would only drop one of the tickets, if either. This is mainly because of the lack of evidence that I have, which I think is incredibly stupid.    


     Im not sure where to start at thinking. Of course I'm used to   thinking and all. I guess. I am really sleep right now. I am always   sleepy. oh, and im so used to not doing the correct english thing.  like with caps and punctuation and all. i hope that doesnt take off   from grading. oh well. when i first signed in my native instinct was to   sign onto aim. i always do that. i love talking to my friends. i miss   them so much. im sure ill find some here that are great and i will   never want to let them go. but for now, the computer chat thing will   do. oh!! im so excited because one of my good friends that i met   probably one month before i came here is suppose to visit right   before thanksgiving holiday. he'll probably stay here for two nights   then come back to longview with me and my sister. hopefully. im   really excited about tonight. me and two of my friends from high   school are going to the concert thing at 7:20! i can't wait. i can't wait.  there are so many things i need to do. like set up an online account   for my bank, check status on my sister's book that i have to buy for   her, do the pretesting for psy class. i wonder what that is about. im   almost hesitant to sign up for experiments but i know it will be good   for me. haha. when i told my friend, his name is bryant, that i had to   do this writing assignment he told me that it was going to be just his   name over and over again. good thing its not. one of my favorite   things to do in longview is to go to book-a-million. i say i don't like it   to some people but i really do because i am surrounded by books.  there's so many of them. i love looking at pictures! the way the earth   comes together as a whole and works so well. it amazes me. its so   quiet around here. there's just the sound of typing and i think   someone is moving back in forth in his/her chair because there is   an occassional thud. oh well. i hope other assignments are as   interesting as this one. good thing i can delete my mess ups   because im making tons of them. i'm so used to having the   computer fix the caps or the right punctuations. yeah, the teachers   probably shouldnt tell kids that are learning in school that the   computer does that or theyll become lazy. like half of students. i   wish i knew some great jokes to tell. add some spice into this. uh,   assignment. well my sister did tell me one the other day but i can't   remember some of it. i hope everything is okay with judy. i know it   must be hard living in laredo with so much of nothing to do. haha,   she called last night when me and christina were watching VAN   WILDER, such a great movie, and she wouldnt shut up. so me and   christina would joke around that she was being like mom. that was   good. i love being able to joke with my sisters. theyre so much fun.  well two of them. anyway, i keep looking at the finish button and i   read it over and over again. so its difficult to think when u read   FINISH constantly. my wrist are hurting. stupid edge of the table. they   should really see about fixing that. im sure it could cause some kind   of danger to computer uses in the far future. woops. i just kicked   something. hope it wasnt important. what to think? i not sure. i look   around and i see a scanner, a white, plain wall, many letters and   numbers, some monitors, a sun(picture of a sun that is) a pen. it   doesnt really smell much like anything around here. so whats going   on with the clear mouse? i don't understand it. i mean i do but whats   the point. its like a high quality ghetto mouse. it pretty much only has   one clicker, uh button. speaking of button. i was suppose to do   something with autumn. oh yeah, she said no because i was with   someone she doesnt    get along with.   oh well her loss. i wonder   what the people in lview are doing right now?blue, i think that is one   of my favorite colors. of course its always been. 


     Ok, here I go. I wonder what most people are thinking of when they are writing this. Probably all kinds of things. Well, I have a girlfriend, her name is Lauren, and today is our 10 month aniversary. I'm excited but I'm sad that I don't get to see her that much because she is still in high school. She goes to Clark in San Antonio just like I did. That's where we met. We were both on the cross country team. I'm kind of tired. I wish I didn't have to spend all my time reading the Iliad. It's getting really boring and I don't even think it's a very good book. They just like it because it's old. Like last night I spent several hours reading it and I still had to do more before I went to class today. Man, it's only been 5 minutes, I don't think I can actually think for a whole 20. I wonder what I would be doing if I wasn't doing this right now. Probably doing calculus homework or reading, heaven-for-bid, the Iliad. I can't wait until the weekend when I can relax some more. At least I only have one class tomorrow and it's really easy. It's calculus and this is my third year in a row of taking it for I shouldn't have any trouble with it. Unfortunately though it's all stuff I've already learned so it's boring also. Let's see, that makes two boring classes now. How about ancient Rome and BA101, those are also boring classes, but at least I like Rome so at times that class can be interesting. So that leaves psychology, that's definitely the best class I'm taking, because it's really interesting. Especially because many of the things don't have answers so it's just what you think. I'm probably biased towards it though, because I've always been a math and science fan. Math was ruined by one teacher I had, but I still love science. Hopefully, I can use the business skills I learn to start or work for something like a bioengineering company, that would be cool. Psychology is also fun because I know a few people in there. One of the guys in there I went to pre-school and kindergarten with and haven't really seen him since. Monday I met this girl named Jessica. She's pretty nice so I have someone to talk to before class. Bjorn just got home, I wonder where he's been. He probably was at class, I wonder which one. He really likes Cake and he just turned them on. I can tell when he's in his room usually because there is music on. He also likes the Beatles. I don't really like the Beatles but Cake is cool. I wonder who just got on AIM. I guess it was Rory because he just IMed me. I wonder what he wants. Maybe I'll have to tell him to go away, but I probably won't, because I'm not that kind of person. I don't like putting people down or causing conflict. I guess that's just who I am. I am, I think that's the best quote I've ever heard. It can be interpreted in so many ways and it's the only think that we know is absolutely true. 


I am at work right now. I guess I'm a little hesitant about writing this   stream of consciousness, because we never do this in school.   We're always asked to write on a specific topic or something of that   sort, and to write what we think is such a broad topic. I'm sick, and I   don't think its because of those freshman jitters you were talking   about. I was completely confident in going to school. Nonetheless, I   got sick. . my parents say its because I don't have enough sleep or   because the dorms have diseases. I don't live in the dorm, though,   which is both a plus and a bad thing. I like living off campus,   because it feels more homey and seems like there's a place to get   away from school. Then again, a lot of my friends live on campus so   I don't necessarily get to hang out with them a lot. Its ok though,   because they always try to include me. Yesterday, I studied at PCL   until midnight and my friend was so worried about me walking home   alone that she made these two guys walk home with us. I have bad   congestion and my mind seems like its under a lot of pressure, so if   I don't make sense, that is probably why. I'm listening to music   which seems kind of girly and I feel that the guy I work with might   think it is too, but he hasn't said anything. No matter what I do, I like   to have music on. when I sleep, when I study. Its a habit, I guess.   The main thing I have on my mind is successively passing my   classes. I have no doubt that I will pass. . but passing with A's is   another thing. I  am one of those girls who went through all 12 years   of basic schooling with all A's, and have never had a problem with   being behind in class or even worrying about getting a B. It might   seem like the work of a perfectionist, but  I wasn't always the most   studious. I'm quite the procrastinator. Ever since I started college,   however, it seems like I've had quite an interest in my classes and   studying. Of course, there's the occasional partying, but it seems   like college is an experience to do what you want to do. I like to   study and learn and feel as if I've accomplished something on my   own will. Its like reading. When I was little, I used to read a lot!  As   school started, they always made us read books, so I lost interest in   the joy of reading willingly. This past summer, I read Uncle Tom's   Cabin and it was wonderful. It was probably the first book I read on   my own for awhile. When there's studying to do, and organizations   to participate in, there's no time for leisure time like reading or   watching TV. That is one thing I'm proud of since I've gotten here. I   haven't watched much TV. I wish I was more of a news-person, but   the news just doesn't catch my interest all that much. Its like   everyday there's another child missing or a new statistic that   everyone is obese. I guess shows like Dateline or 20/20 that show   the in-depth look at stories are more my style. We were told a story   in Mythology about how   people   used to have four legs and four   arms and two heads, and it was like they were connected by their   backs. Well, these 'people' became overly arrogant and so the gods   decided to split the two in half so there would be more of them and   they would be more efficient, and they wouldn't gloat so much. Then   they scattered the halves all around the world, and that is why we go   around searching for our other half. I like this story so much   because I'm a romantic. Hopeless romantic is more the term I   would use to describe myself. Even though I've been wonderfully   single for 18 years. . there's this hope that there will be a special   someone I will have sparks with and this higher connection to. I   don't know if I've watched too many movies or have too many   daydreams, but I guess I'm like most girls searching for their prince   charming. Sometimes I look into the atrological signs, of which I am   a Virgo. It usually always says that Virgos get bored quickly. I think   that in a way, I am that way. Its horrible to say, but I think I'll tire of   someone quickly if they don't keep my interest. Of course, I like to   keep everyone as friends, but romantically speaking, there has to be   something different about a person. There's a song by Ashanti that   goes, 'I want to be like those girls in the movies, have a guy fall   hopelessly in love with me. '  Now, that seems kind of selfish, but to   know that a guy really cares about you and would sacrifice many   things for you is a really different characteristic. Guys nowadays are   so un-chivalrous. I feel like a little boy-crazy girl right now, but my   friend had mentioned that I should talk about this in my writing and I   guess it kind of stuck. Fortunately, I'm completely content with my   life and I feel that I have a lot going for me. I am not at all ashamed   of being single, but there's always those people who ask why there's   no guy in my life. What do I say to them?  I love being single.   There's those girls who go blind by love, and I hope to never lose   myself in the process of loving someone else. Its crazy.   


I'm not really sure what to write. What are they going to be looking for when they read this Oh well it's easier that having to write normal paper I have so much to do this weekend. There are way to many classes that I have to study for This semester is going to be so stressful. What am I going to wear tonight?  I need go through my closet after this. I also need to call Clarissa. I hope I get my application soon so I can start working on it. I really hope I get in. I not sure what to think about. I wonder who's going to be reading this. I guess I'll start my biology homework after this. I hate that class and nutrition. I hope I get better classes next semester. I wonder if Amanda is home. I need to talk to her about the game on Saturday. I hope our seats are good. This twenty minutes is going by really slow. The guy next door is blasting his music again, but at least it's not night time. I wonder it there is anything good on television. Probably not. Having cable sucks without movie channels. It's hard to think and write about at the same time. I wish I could drive home on Saturday, but I'll wait until the weekend after next. Maybe I can go to the mall this weekend. I want a new outfit for next Thursday. It will be such a relief when recruitment is over, unless I don't get in. Oh well I'll something else to do on campus if not. I have so much studying to. It's only been ten minutes?  I wish I had something to drink. I need to call so many people back. I wonder what Stef will come down to see me?  Hopefully I can get us both game tickets. I need to go eat before I leave soon. I so tired of eating Cafeteria crap. I will be in an apartment again next chair. Maybe I'll eat at mall tonight. I wonder if my mom mailed me my stuff yet. I probably won't get it till Saturday or Monday. I am tired of doing this. what else can I think about? I need to finish my laundry this weekend and get change for the machines? I wonder how Maxine's doing? I miss dog. I need go through my calendar. My exams next week are going to kill me. This is such a waste of time. No more psychology courses for me. Maybe I can get a nap in before I leave, no have to much to do. I am so far behind. What's in my closet that I could wear tonight? I should have gone shopping last weekend but I need to stop spending so much extra money. Is somebody really going to analyze all this? Good I'm almost done. They need to turn the music down next door        


well I think this is a fun experiment. lets see, what am I feeling? I'm sick. and I can't stop sneezing and coughing. which is distracting as I try to write this. I'm not sure but as I'm writing this I go back and correct my spelling mistakes. I love rings I need to get some more. I only have one on my middle finger and its really pretty. man I can't believe I didn't say hi to brian this morning when I saw him. its so pointless to act like I didn't see him when I looked right his way this morning. god I hope doesn't think I'm some kind of moody bitch. I feel incompetent. I have no specialty. last night I tried writing 2 songs but it doesn't help that I don't know anything about songwriting or reading music or coming up with a beat. although I must say I have things to say. so at least that is good. I'm annoyed with myself for getting hung up on things that already happened. wait am I doing this wrong. this feels  more like a journal entry than just what am thinking in the moment. ok I need to stop reading what I just wrote. this room is dark I should open the blinds and jeez if my nose could just stop running. man I'm tired of typing already and its only been about 9 minutes. I need to call maz and ask what is up with our friend who I emailed 2 days ago and has not responded yet. I wonder if he is still in egypt and maybe doesn't have access to a computer. I want to paint my bedroom a light green or yellow color. does that say anything about me. god I feel nauseous. I don't even know how to spell that word. I have to stop eating weird combinations of food. I just had peach yogurt, garlic and parmesan cheese its and graham crackers with milk. I don't even have room for lunch. I must work out. god beyonce has a nice stomach in that baby boy" music video. if I could lose another 23 pounds that would be awesome. I just need to work out. I need determination. that is such a powerful emotion. I need to buy more shoes and clean up this mess in my room. but it seems I clean it every other day. ok now I'm freaking out. I have 3 tests this week and I feel a little lost is most of them. boy I need some will power to . man I can't get over this nasty feeling of what I just ate. I feel so lost. what do I do. maybe a nice shower might help. oh only 30 seconds left. this went by faster than I thought it would go. and times up . I'm done! 


so I don't really know what to type about. I hope this does not have to be like grammatically correct or anything because I don't ever use capital letters. twenty minutes is a really long time. I don't know if I can even type that lone. I don't know if I ever have in my entire life without stopping or taking a break. is weird to write down what I'm thinking because I think I try to think about what to write so I'm not completely sure this is really what I'm thinking. I hope no one reads this too carefully. so its always been really cold in my room but now its kind of hot. I think this could be a good way to vent some of my feelings. I keep thinking about kurt and I wonder if I should call him back or not. everyone keeps saying to never call him back because he only called me because rachel is in dallas but I don't even think for sure that he called because he wants to get back together maybe he just wanted to explain since he never did. I think my foot is falling asleep. I almost wish I had a desktop computer so that this keyboard was not so small. my hand keeps hitting the mouse while I type and it waves around in front of what I'm writing and that makes it hard to concentrate. anyways, I don't want kurt to think that I have been sitting around hoping that he would call or anything because at first a pop up just came up on my screen. I didn't think they would bother me that much but its starting to get on my nerves esp. ok so this other thing just popped up and it said to hold down enter for ten seconds to see some cool thing and I didn't want to because with all my pop ups I figured it would just lead to porn or something of the likes so I tried to push the little x in the corner and it wouldn't close and then it went to some screen with stars or something and said enjoy your break now get back to work. at first I thought it was for this maybe it was but then I got back to this screen and my time was starting all over. that sucks. I hope this is over soon. anyways I'm still thinking about kurt. no one can assume that he called me back because he wants to get back together. he could just want to talk. he did say the first time that he just called to see how I have been. and I'm still mad at him for what he did but I do want to forgive him because I just don't want something like that hanging over me forever and I hate to hold grudges. and I do want us to be friends and I know it would be hard for me to say I didn't want him back but even if that is what he wanted I wouldn't do it no matter how hard because of what he did to me. plus I'm in college and I don't need to have a boyfriend back home. I need to meet people. but I really do miss him a lot. I hope it gets easier. which is part of why I will call him because I really need to close that part of my life and end it and I can't think of the word but something like finalize it. I hope my battery does not die on my laptop and I hope that another popup does not come and mess up my time again because I really need to get this done. I have a lot to do today. but I'm glad I got done what I did this morning. I need to find out about the whole football ticket draw thing. and I hope I wrote down in my planner about that trig review class. then I have all those small chores that I have to do tonight but I don't think ill have time especially since this is taking so long. I have never experienced a longer twenty minutes than this in my life. at least I should be improving my typing skills. I hope it rains this weekend or even today. no maybe tomorrow because ill be outside today. I can't wait until it get cooler outside so I can walk places. yeah right like I really will but maybe I really will. I have taken the stairs up to my room a few times. I think I may fall asleep after this or maybe even right now. I need to move my leg this hurts. wow I'm really really sleepy o I also need to remember to call joey back tonight before I call back kurt. I feel so bad I hope he is not mad at me for ditching them but I needed to go out with christi because we hadn't really done anything together. and I'm glad I did because that was a lot of fun. but I do hope he is not mad or anything and we can get together later. I wonder if I should join the texas exes. I don't know if this is really what I'm thinking because I know in the back of my head all I'm really thinking about is how much I hate typing all this and how I can't wait until its over but at least I'm doing it today instead of tomorrow night so ill have it done and don't have to worry about it. I'm going to try and not procrastinate. bad start though I'm only on chapter one in psychology those chapters are so long and boring I hate that book. I hope this does not deduct points. I wonder if I should stop now since that pop up messed up my timer. oh well I only have about four minutes left anyways so I might as well keep going. o I need to go tanning tonight too. ahhhh I have so much to do tonight and most of it involves reading that damn psychology book o and I have to read that philosophy book. I really like my schedule how it is though that is nice that I don't have any real classes today so I can get caught up. yay I'm almost finished good because I'm really sleepy now and I want to take a nap even though there is no way that I really have time for that but maybe I will anyways just like a few minutes to rest my eyes yeah right ill fall asleep and probably won't wake up until like nine or ten I spell out numbers because I don't know what keys to use yay I'm finished 


ok. so I am suppose to be writing for twenty minutes. well, this will be good typing practice. except in keyboarding class, we were told what to type. so this might be a problem. this seat is bothering me. it's hard to get comfortable in it. its really low as well. and these stupid wheels. they don't let me stay in one place. hmm. its a good thing I don't have wheels on the bottom of my chair for my desk. although I don't know how big of a problem it would be to have wheels on that chair. because in my room, I have carpet. this is a tiled floor, so that is why the chair is so rolly. when I sit on my roommate's chair, it doesn't move so much. so that must be it. it must be because of the carpet. oh, there goes my stomach. I'm hungry. but I don't want to eat till moiz calls. once moiz and omiar come over, I can order the pizza. but the problem with that, is that I am hungry now. I want to eat now. maybe something small when I get home. but knowing me, my small snack will turn into a meal. oh well. I can wait. I guess. I wonder if they think its cheap that I'm inviting them over on monday. this way I order the cheap monday madness pizza. but I guess its not really a big deal. I was going to invite them over soon. I want my computer up and running asap. I can't believe uncle hafeez gave me a nice new cpu. that is so awesome. but then again, that might lead to problems of me doing less studying, and more downloading songs online. I hope bilal and them come tomorrow. I mean, we don't want to be waiting for them every day, waiting for uncle's call to say oh, well we still couldn't book the tickets, so they will be coming tomorrow. hmm. I smell smoke. but that can't be right. who, no what idiot would be smoking in a building. well, I guess its not that much of an idiotic thing to do. I mean, lots of people do smoke, but I just wouldn't assume that they would be smoking inside a building. ohh kay. now my hands are getting tired. I don't think I was suppose to be typing nonstop for twenty minutes. was I? oh well. that's what I'm doing. haha I can't believe I was so stupid today. I have been going to urdu class at 12 for over a week. what exactly in my mind made me go to class at one. and thank goodness it was ten minutes before one. if I had gotten there right on time, I would have felt like such and idiot walking into class late. especially in a class that wasn't mine! it's a good thing I went and talked to the professor. she is awesome! I really didn't think that she would let me sign in. I came way after the bell rang! anyways, that makes two days of udru homework to do before wednesday. but then again, I have more important things to worry about besides my urdu homework. I have that stupid quiz in english tomorrow. when did all these quizzes come up. it seems like yesterday was only the first day of class. I guess summer went my pretty fast for me. wow. it really did. pakistan was awesome. I don't think I have ever had so much fun in the million times that we went there, not as much as I had this time. and saqib, rashid, and khurram. they are as cool as they have always been. I like the fact that we are all still cool. well, it took a while for us all to open up, but at least we did. and I'm upset with raza. I didn't realize till a little towards the end, that his walkman never left his ears. I don't know, does he not understand? or does he not care? because if he does not care, he shouldn't be coming. that is really bad. and think of what everyone else thought. I'm sure they minded too. ohh. a minute and a half left. weird. it does not seem like I have been typing for twenty minutes straight. I guess this wasn't so bad after all. I wonder what happens after my time is up. will I not be able to type anything else? well, I will find out in 40 seconds. now after this, I got to pick up my I'D from the business school, then. then I dunno. I could either go to the library and finish up my reading, which would be the smart thing to do, or I could go home and study". but that will never work. hmm, I think I just answered my own question. 


I am sitting in front of my computer in a small Jester dormitory. I look around and I notice that the room is a complete mess. I take a deep breath and I can smell something funny. That's right, that's how Jester rooms always smell like. I am feeling pretty full right now after a eating a delicious sandwich from the Jester City Limits. The room is nice and cold, unlike the hot and humid weather outside. My roommate is out of the room right now, so it's a little quieter than usually. I am playing some music on my computer right now. Besides the music coming out of the speakers of my computer, I can hear occasional chatter and doors opening and closing in the hallways. My roommate walks in after eating at Jester City Limits. I say hi to him and how his dinner was. He notices something weird as I read out what I am typing. He asks, What the crap are you doing?"  I respond by telling him that this is for my psychology class. I turn my attention away and try to think of what to write next. I am sitting upright in an uncomfortable wooden chair that came furnished with the room. I uncross my legs because my left leg is starting to feel numb. I hear someone using the blow-dryer in the bathroom, which is right outside of my room. I look up at my bookshelf and see all my textbooks. That reminds me that I have lots of other homework to do when I finish with this assignment. I have a strange anxious feeling because I am a little behind in all my classes, especially with reading the textbooks. I think about how I have missed three morning classes already, a quiz in one of those classes, and I get an awful, guilt-like feeling because I don't want to do badly in my classes. Maybe I should go to sleep earlier tonight, for that matter, every night. I notice my computer's processor making slight noises as I am typing. I take off my glasses because I only need them to read. I look back up at the bookshelf and remind myself how much work I still have left to do. I notice that I have been shaking my right leg. Maybe I have been doing this the whole time?  Some sort of a nervous habit I guess. I feel a little pain on the surface of my knee. I reach down and touch the band-aid covering a wound that I suffered from playing soccer at Clarkfield last night. And the twenty minutes is up. A pop up says that I can keep on writing with my stream of consciousness. Does that mean that I should just finish with my train of thought, or should I keep writing more and more?  Maybe that would help me get a better grade on this assignment. Ok, I am going to just stop and press the "Finish" button. 


clear waters beckening - wow - this is not going to work - my mind is blank - or is it. - is it just blank because I have to write down what is going threw it. hmmmm its 20* degrees celcius right now. that does not even really matter, I prob. won't go outside unless I need to smoke a cigarette or something. spike tv. what kinda dumb sh** is this. this show sucks - why are they trying to advertise this show with some crazy exciting name like spike tv" - 20 minutes is a long time to be typing. I wonder if it matters how crude my thoughts are. better keep tha inappropriate thoughts out. is that possible. yeah. school takes up a lot of time - and I don't know if getting a degree will even matter, so what is the point. I should just stop typing right now, pack a bag, get in my car, and drive to mexico. I wonder what the point of that survey earlier was. where do all these "personal type surveys" going. is some little guy sitting behind a desk compiling information about me based on the questions I filled out about once a year since I was old enough to go to publicly funded schools. if there really is a guy that is comparing all my information right now - I wonder how much someone in that position would get paid. hahah - getting paid to make assumptions about a person out of a bunch of personal questions. I think that job would be pretty boring. I would have to get intoxicated or something before going to work everyday, that tedious paper work would drive me crazy. that is prob. why people go all postal and shoot people at work - cause they have to do tedious crap everyday that has no bearing. I hope nothing pushes me over the edge of insanity. that would suck. it might not be bad though - I imagine the government would provide a pretty comfortable living for someone who was "mentally handicapped". I bet a few people have thought they were insane and really been on the same wave as everybody else. its crazy to be alive and conscious. consciousness gets dull - nothing modern intoxicants can't handle though, in moderation. joe millionarie was a gay show I resent that guy. I think I'm going to go smoke a cigarette. I can't really think of what to say. I need a cigarette to calm me down. that is not even how you spell "cigarette" but spelling is not even that important. I mean - its like this - professors and anyone else in my life has ragged on me about spelling and grammar. but they know - and I know - that they knew what the meaning of the word I misspelled. that kinda shit pisses me off. need a smoke. 


It's amazing how much free time you have in college. A totally different experience from when I was in my grade school years. Grade school, seems like I was in the 5th grade. It's hard to believe that my high school years were actually my grade school years as well and now I'm in a place of 60,000 people where you're lucky if 50 people know who you are. But with all this free time, it's hard to fill it with stuff to do all the time. Naps are a great way of filling up lots of hours, but you can only sleep so much. I remember laying in bed last night and having a feeling of homesickness even though I only live 20 minutes away and can go home with the push of seven digits. I feel bad for the people who are from small towns a million miles away. Not only are they far from home, but being thrown into the fire that is UT and surviving is a difficult task for anyone, let alone coming from towns 1/30 the size of UT. But I've been enjoying my college experience so far. Being able to sleep late, wake up late, take 3 hour naps, all of it. Not having to sit in a classroom for an hour and half every other day is a major plus as well. Come to think of it, I have no idea how I sat through those days and actually was focused for its entirety. The Xbox is calling my name as I write, taunting me with glimpses of football and shooting. It's amazing how people think that video games are responsible for their child being violent and whatnot. Parents are blaming a series of circuits and programs as the reason their kid is messed up?  If people were being better parents, these kids would have better things to do than rot their brains in front of a TV screen. In today's world of money money and more money, it's hard to find time to put aside what is quite important in the world and spending time with the people that matter most. Not that TV's bad. Heck, I watch way too much of it myself, but my parents also ingrained in me the difference between right and wrong and I was lucky enough to be born right before the start of the technological age, so I get the best of what the world has to offered right now but had my values and beliefs ingrained in me before this ever-growingly corrupt world took over. Growingly, is that a word?  It's hard to write for twenty minutes straight without going off on a tangent and starting to focus on other things, like the Schlotsky's cup sitting in front of my desk that's been sitting there for a few days and is probably starting to be a safe haven for mold. Speaking of which, there is also a box of fajita toppings that have been sitting in our refrigerator since school started, and yet even though I remember, I still don't get off my butt and throw it out. I keep telling myself that I'll do it when I actually take out the trash but heck, we only take the trash out like, once a week. I remember doing a stream of consciousness writing as one of my creative works in high school for a book we read because I thought that stream of consciousness writings would be really simple. Heck, you just write whatever comes to your head. Not too hard right?  But man, I think I've grown up in a very rigidly structured school system and always have to plan stuff out before I actually start writing. So I found myself doing more thinking than writing, trying to find the right words and grammar usages so that my "paper" wouldn't sound like a first grader wrote it. But sometimes that's what a stream of consciousness writing has to be. It doesn't matter if you use fifty letter words or "big," because these writings aren't about the content, they're about collecting your thoughts and putting them down no matter how random they be. I found it funny how when you gave out this assignment and asked if there were any questions, 20 hands shot up in the air. Questions arose like, how many paragraphs? How many words?  What's the structure?  We grow up in a world of rules, where everything is set out before us and we either follow or be considered a problem child. We spend more time defining the box rather than thinking outside it. Heck, we rarely even spend time thinking inside of it. My dad's friend is starting this school in which they let kids pretty much do whatever they want. They provide guidance but not rules, set boundaries but don't fence the kids in. Their objective is to let the kid develop his or her own self-discipline, not letting some adult develop it for him or her so that when they get out into the real world, they don't curl up into a little ball and hide or rebel and go crazy and not know what they're doing. While I think it's a pretty cool idea, others reject the fact that a school like this exists because people are ingrained with rules, their lives governed by the boundaries of the box. So hopefully, someday, people will be able to think for themselves, that we won't become robots that only exist because God told us we could exist at the time that we do exist. 


I have twenty minutes to write. It feels weird that I'll be writing about anything that is going on in my head right now. Looking at the keyboard. It's a black keyboard. I'm so hungry right now. I haven't eaten anything today except a bottle of Nouriche and some cookies. I'll be eating at Kinsolving after I'm done with this assignment. Is that what I am thinking about right now? Eating? Actually, there is no thought in my mind right now. Or it's just that I am too concentrated on thinking about this writing assignment. What's the purpose of life? ha-ha. I think about that a lot. What really is the purpose of life? People all die. Some people with their names left behind and some with no recognition in their lives whatsoever. How am I going to be like? Which of those two will I become? My parents expect a lot from me. It might be because I am the oldest child. But it really does put a lot of pressure on my shoulders. I know they love me a lot, too. Ahhh. What am I saying. Love. ?? What is 'true' love?? A guy falls in love with a girl. And does all kinds of crazy things for her. Then. All of a sudden. He falls OUT of love. And starts looking for another girl to fall IN love with. It doesn't make sense. Nothing in the world makes sense. I want to be an energetic, fun-loving person. But I tend to take things seriously. How can a person be fun? ha-ha. I met a girl yesterday. And she made us(my friends and I) laugh so hard. The entire time she was with us. I wish I could be that kind of person, too. Hmm. Stream of thoughts. What am I really thinking right now? ha-ha. I don't know again. I don't think I'm really thinking at all. I'm just concentrating on typing now. NOT THINKING. or am I? I am confused. &. &. money. I want LOTS and LOTS of money. Money can buy everything. Actually. Every materialistic things. I have 8 minutes left on the clock to write. I want to go to New York. That was really random. Ha-ha Well. I want to travel all around the world. And taste their food. happy thoughts. Happy thoughts. what are some happy thought. ?? basking under the sun. ?? No. I hate getting tanned. eating delicious foods. ?? No. I hate gaining weight. Well. But I do love eating. Especially eating delicious foods. but also very worried about gaining weight. Vocabulary. I had to memorize tons of them to prepare for SAT. very random. Why do people dream the way they dream? I have very weird dreams sometimes. And whenever I do not feel well. as in I feel lonely or sad. I get really weird dreams that make me feel really really really weird. I hate dreams that feel like reality. I've had many dejavus. 4 minutes left on the clock. I want this assignment to be over so fast. I don't know what to write. Well. I have to write what I'm thinking, but I don't know what I'm thinking. Houston. Well. Houston is a really hot and humid place. Austin is hot and humid as well. But Houston is really really worse. I think I have allergies. Hatred. Is a strong word. Hating someone is not good for the people who hate, either. well. Now 2 minutes left on the clock. psychology seems very interesting. psychology. Study of people's minds. how does my mind work? I want to try the lie detector thingy. ha-ha. I want to try it on other people to see if they lie or not. I'm sitting up straight right now. ENTIRE 20 minutes. STREAM OF THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS I want a desktop. 


Well, this assignment is interesting. I don't think I have ever attempted to write for 20 minutes straight. I wonder if I have ADHD or ADD or if its just because I am a drummer. Wow! I have only gone for a minute and I am already bored. Um. I was watching the Cowboy game and they won 20-17. Vinyl did well but threw an interception. I think he will be good this year as lond as he doesn't get hurt. He has a good delivery and is really good at reading defenses. Speaking of defenses (I doubt this has any relation) but anyways I didn't make the hockey team today and it was really disappointing. I really wanted to make it and thought that I had a decent chance. Maybe I gave myself too much credit. Maybe I am not big enough or something. I wish I could have made it but I suppose that one was up to the coach and God. Speaking of God (random again) I went to a really neat church last Sunday. Its name is Glad Tidings. It is an assembly of God Church (although I am Lutheran I think it might be a good match because it has really awesome worship and the pastor gives interesting sermons). I miss my old church though. My youth minister back home is getting ordained this weekend. I am unsure if I should go home this weekend. I don't know. I think I will stay here because I really want to force myself to become independent even though that would entail me doing the laundry this weekend. I am really tired tonight but I suppose I will do my best to continue typing the entire 20 minutes. But along the thought of the laundry business. I have tried to hold off on doing it until next weekend (was going to do this weekend but I think I can make it until then). It has been really hot lately. It was brutal last Saturday trying to run in the morning. It was so humid. It eventually rained but not until after the practice. I have never been so sore in my life. I am still sore but I guess it doesn't matter seeing as I am not going to be playing for the team. I suppose it is sort of a waste but maybe I will try and keep in shape. I don't know though. We will see. Well I am half-way there. I am still tired and I am finding this assignment very boring and I suppose that would imply that my thoughts are boring. Kind of sad I suppose. I wish I weren't so lonely tonight. Just me and the TV. A horrible invention it is. Ruins relationships and limits time for many individuals. But I suppose it helps many escape. I like to escape by playing video games. I think I might play one in a few minutes when I get done with this thing. But yaw. I really like my playstation and probably spend too much time on it but it is really fun and entertaining. I am still tired. Still tired but only about 7 minutes to go! Hurray! This makes me excited. I didn't have an antecedent before the "this" nor did I there but that was because I quoted the previous mistake. I wonder who just walked by my room. It sounded like two girls. I wonder if there really is a girl out there for me. Probably. I hope so. One can only hope can't one? It's funny, I accidentally made a typo and said can't none which if one thought about it logically would produce the same effect but if one thought about it from a Texas perspective it would have the opposite negative and depressing effect. I hope for the logical. I heard a Papa John's commercial. I wonder how they can claim they have "better ingredients, or better pizza?" It is subjective I would think. There is another weather report on TV. I find it interesting that people watch weather reports as if they could do anything to alter them (I usually just go with the flow). The flow of the easy river I guess. It is 11 o'clock. Only a minute left. Here's my chance to say something deep. I really can't think of anything but live the Golden rule and you will find yourself a better person. Love is all you need as Paul said (the Beatle of course. Lol). That's it! 


Ok, I guess I should be typing, that clock is making me kind of nervous. Well, whatever, I just saw my roommate, I really didn't know she was going to be here. I feel really nervous, I don't know why. Oh yeah, I really need to work on my first paper for my English class. I hope I get a good grade, because when I work on it, I feel as if it should be harder that what it actually is. Gosh, my math class really sucked today. I did not understand a word she was saying, but that's ok, because so did the rest of the class. I wonder what my mom is doing, oh and my dogs too. I really miss them. Even though my dog hates me and is kind of crazy, I miss him so much. 6 minutes, that's it! It feels as if I've been typing forever. Before I forget I need to talk to Daisy today, man that girl is so crazy. I also got to talk to Lillian, just to see how her day went. Napoleon was being so funny last night, I really like talking to him at night, even though we talked until like midnight. I wonder what kind of music that guy is going to play in my psychology class. He usually plays weird music, today it's going to have to do with the brain, that'll be interesting, I suppose. I hope I'm doing this right. Who ever reads this, if it's ever actually read, will probably think it was lame. Oh, well. You're also going to find plenty of mistakes, opps my bad. Gosh, that sounded like a line out of that movie: Clueless. I feel clueless a lot, so that's ok. I can't wait to go to sleep, that's one of my favorite things to do ever since school started. This past 3-day weekend was great because I got to wake up so late and just hang around my dorm with my roommate. She's cool. I'm so glad I get along with my roommate, because I've been hearing some roommate horror stories lately, I guess I lucked out. Wow, I've been writing for 16 minutes! I guess it was harder to get started. I wonder if the people around me think I'm writing like this really long email to someone. they're probably thinking I'm a loser, ha-ha. that's kind of funny to think about. Daisy is probably talking to her internet boyfriend right now at a computer on campus. Her boyfriend is so funny. Some girl just sat next to me, I hope she doesn't read this. I don't know what else to say, my time is almost out. Ahhhh! I wonder if anyone is actually going to read this. Well my time is up, it was great, but I've got to print out my biology lecture. 


     It is interesting to note that when I work on something in my head, I always forget what the details were unless I write it down. One thing I do remember though, are the feelings. I feel like what I had though was a great accomplishment that should have been written down to further my learning ability, particularly in math. With this I acn create a continuation, or a stream of consciousness type format within my math knowledge. This would help me learn a lot more on my own, rather than starting over as much as I do on particular problems. The only problem is I do not know how to keep a good organized notebook, rather I havjust not done it yet. I can keep things very well organized when I want t, but finding the motivation to do this , that is a hard thing to do. I wish I could find a way to ake a lot of things easier. Speaking of which, I always make things easier in math. I always say that I am so good at some things because I make those things much easier than most people make them. I do this because I am lazy. Simply put, I work on something to make it easier for me in the future. Ultimately I get easier work tat way, so I am a lazy, yet slightly thoughtful person. Thoughtful in the way of thinking, not as in the consideration of others. Well my roommate walked in the room, so my stream of consciousness is screwed. So hi!! Well, anyways what was I talking about?stuff. Ohhhh my laziness. That's a long subject. I am very lazy, but I really need to work on my laziness. I am trying to do this, my mental laziness is not very bad, but physically I don't do as much as  I like. So, I guess signing up for intramural sports was a good thing. I am going to try flag football this semester. and I REALLY want to play ping-pong (a. k. A. table tennis, as I  should probably start calling it). I was a little. Ok very. upset when I lost so many times the other day, I don't normally play as bad as I did that night. I just used a contraction, I was told not to use those in formal apers so I try not to ever use them in any type of written assignment, or even when talking o frieds, apparently I did not follow through with that a few moments ago. Well, other than that I am kind of at a loss on what to write. I am very hungry now, probably has something to do with the food I am smelling. I wishi could gain some weight. Which reminds me, I used to go around saying how much I wanted to be fat, but I quit saying that when some friends of mine told me how much that they did not like me saying that. My hands are getting tired and my mind is starting to sleep. My eyes are shutting too. Not good when I have 8 minutes and 16 seconds left. Oh well . I want to go eat now. I have a lot of homework tonight. I won't get to do anything fun, I won't ever get to do anything fun on the weekdays, I may have taken too many hours, but then again is college supposed to be asy???? No its not. ( I used that contraction again). . And I forgot the apostrophe, haha. Anyways college is supposed to be hard. So, I should probably enjoy working on homework 6 horus a day, catching up on the weekends while I do laundry, and then on the weekend nights I get time to play ping pong and be with other Dean's Scholars people and play intramural football with them. Speaking of which I played ultimate frisbee the other day. Err I mean yesterday. It was great, It was good to have some more physical activity in my life. I scare myself cause my abs. Well, where I should have abs at least. Still hurt from limbo three days ago. Also my legs hurt to. My roommate just said scrotum. I have no idea why. Scares me a little more . Just thought I would let you know that. He is nuts, I guess I should go back to what I was tlaking about earlier. Food. Haha, I wonder how many words I can type per minute, this would not be a good excercise to try out that theory though, cause if you take an averageit will be a lot lpwer cause I am getting very tired right now, that and I am not punctuating very well, and I am using contractions without the apostrophe's. My roommate just reminded me of George Carlin. Funny man!!! You should atch his stuff sometime, its hilarious. I am talking as if there is someone going to read this. Oh, only a minute and a half left. My eyes are starting to see some funky shiznit on this screen. Man, I am Hungry. !!!!! heh, I just looked at the time and it said 19 11, reminded me of 9:11, I see that all the time, or at least I used to on the alarm clock, or any clock for that matter, then I got hurt and it no longer showed up. 


It is Wednesday, December 8th and a lot has been going on this semester. I am trying to finish the semester out as strong as possible but it has not gone the way it was expected to go. although the overall grades that will be received is not that overall impressive, I know the work that was put into this semester was the most put into to school since high school. the only class that was a disappoint meant so far was my psy class. with two test left, there was still a chance to make an A or B in the class which was expected. it turns out after bad test four results when everything felt as if the test went well, the goal of the class shifted from trying to get an A or B to get simply trying to get a C and pass. granted that the most stress of the semester fell during the week of test three due to all the health issues and having like 10 different assignments and three test, it was still a disappointing outcome but focus can only be placed on what is left. the last three exam are going to be pretty tough with a chance for me to make to A's and a B's if a perfect score is received on two of the finals and an A on the other. My only focus has been on the two exams on Saturday but it does not feel like there is enough time in the day for every topic to be covered. all that can be done is to prepare as much as possible and pray that everything turns out right. doing well in school this semester would relieve the large amount of pressure that is a result of me not being concerned with school over family issues. It seems as though just when I try to get on track a new unthinkable obstacle just shows up. this semester the fact that I was taken advantage of and received and std as a result of doing something I did not want to do in the first place really makes me mad but I still have to be mad at myself for getting myself in that situation. next semester hopefully no random distractions will pop up and my grades will be all a's which is very possible for me to achieve. Making it through this semester is the number one thing in mind right now. all that is left is to push through these exams and finish strong. all I can do is my best the rest is out of my hands. I have to do something to make it easier for my parents. 
