


well I am just sitting here thinking about how I cannot wait to get home and go to sleep now I am thinking about my girlfriend and how much I really care for her I don't know, now notre dame football just popped into my head and I decided to slow down my typing because I am typing faster than I can think. I just thought about why we cannot stop and think about this project then I asked a question to myself about my ring, and why it is so dirty. well you see I am this huge notre dame fan and would give anything to go there but I didn't get in d so I am going to have to wait another year of so. I feel bad for not correcting these words as I go. why did I not , now this girl I used to know my freshman year of highschool popped into my head she was cool but now I have a really cool girlfriend, she is the sweetest thing in the whole world, she loves to cuddle which makes me very happy, the movies we have seen pop into my head, now I think I am doing this assignment wrong. well let's see Mrs. dolce, Mrs. angel  I guess we are just supposed to put our thoughts and not dwell on them  my best friend and I playing soccer together, I wonder how he is doing. he moved to Dallas. Teresa again, Baxter, the trial he is working on, the driver  to where ever he wants me to go, notre dame versus purdue, how the guy that  cut my hair didn't know a thing about notre dame, but said he did. Teresa and how I think of her all of the time how long this whole little get together on the computer is going to take. I am really not enjoying this because I feel I think about Teresa way to much, oh well, I wander where the send button is on this computer. what time will I have to get tomorrow morning so that I can get all of my computer science homework done. I hope Teresa and I stick together for a long time. I think she is cool the whole question of love comes up though and I don't know if I love her yet I might but I don't know. I feel very sorry fore Amy, now Alexis is in my thoughts, she is cool b but I am already taken so nothing is going to happen there. I am very content. French class really sucks but I am at least  trying, hopefully my teacher sees this and helps me out more than she has in the past. my hair looks pretty cool right after it is cut. I thought I heard someone in the library, Oh well. This whole return thing is annoying. I keep hearing weird noises. The skyline is pretty cool the lights are so numerous. these office buildings really scare me at night, especially when nobody is here, every little  noise makes me jump. well this is very exciting but I only have 12 minutes left,  I am not even half way done. Teresa and one of our first dates, what that thing across the river is, I really  hope my care doesn't get a ticket, that would make this day very bad. although this day has been pretty good do far, and it only has an hour left. only one more day before I get to see  Teresa. and two till notre dame plays purdue. I am living the good life. pay day is on Friday. my math teacher would make a great Santa clause at one of these malls over the Christmas holiday. I wonder what time I will finally get home. I really cannot wait. this is pretty cool being able to get off work and have  computer access just one floor up. only eight minutes left, I am very excited. there are a bunch of motor cycles outside they are really annoying, but oh well. I still to go home and work on my computer program so that I can just get get her tomorrow and right it up. If I get here at 5 that gives me two hours to do this  lovely project, and I am sure I will be doing the second assignment. I must sound really rude but really I am extremely tired and cranky so I'm sorry if I seem grouchy. I wonder how often Teresa thinks about me because I think about her a whole lot. more noises, they are really scary. my nose itches. the green lights are cool on that building across the lake. will it is almost time for me to sign off, if I can only find the send key I would be a happy man. my head is now hurting, I hope teresa's straw project comes out o. k. I wonder what the friends I am going to meet  are like. If they are like her they will be cool. see ya 


I am sitting in my suitemates room listening to them hang up a poster. I need to go and wash clothes, and I am also kind of hungry. I feel like I don’t get out of this dorm much but what am I going to do. I want to call my grandma and see how she is doing and my computer needs to be fixed. Right now I am getting bored in this room because its not mine. They really need a TV in here I couldn’t go without one. with no TV and video games I would get bored very easily. I feel like playing pool but I am not that good at it, and it just frustrates me. My brother is the one who can fix my computer so I need to give him a call. Haven’t seen him in a while. Haven’t seen my sister in an even longer time, need to talk to her too. she always studies and her cats are really cute. Every time I think of my sister, I think of her cats at the same time. Thinking of her cats reminds me of when they were at my house, with my dogs, one of which just died. I miss that dog. We’ve had him I guess since I was in second or third grade, He was eleven, so that would mean we’ve had him since I was seven,  thetas a long time, had a dream about him last night, him and my other dog Brittany, who died a year before him. It always makes me sad when I think about those dogs. Now the stereo is playing and it reminds me of how loud this thing can play,  just hearing bass in my room. Gotta stop  hitting the wall when that happens. I need to go out tonight, haven’t done that in a while, did my studying, now just need to find some place to go. I wonder how my dad is taking all his kids being off to school. Haven’t really talked to him about it and I don’t know how to bring something like that up. I really miss my 4 wheeler at home, I loved riding that thing,  I wonder if there is anywhere to ride up here. need to win the lottery so that I can get some more  4 wheelers. my last ride in El Paso was the day before I left, with a friend of mine, who now for some reason I feel a lot closer to. its weird. Cant wait until Thanksgiving so that I can ride. Now all I can think about is that my twenty minutes are almost up and I wonder what I am going to do after I’m done here. Probably just kill time until I go and eat dinner. Hope they have something good tonight, because the lunch menu sucked. Feel like hanging out with some of my friends from home tonight, haven’t done that in a while. OK, times up. 


OK. I don't know much about this computer stuff. I was lucky  to even get on to this homepage. Well I just got disconnected and I think my tension level just went up a few notches. I am felling really sick  already and I went this day to end. I was planning to go work out tonight but it is too late. I still have math and history work left to do. I  really hate math, I can't understand anything that is being said. It really makes me feel like an idiot. I look at my friends here and they all understand everything that is being said . I wish my math class in high school had taught me more. I guess tomorrow I will get up to go run. Ok. I just hit another wrong button , now I really feel worthless. I am going to have so much trouble this semester, when am I going to get to the classes that I really want. It is looking like I'm going to graduate college in another twenty years. As long as I do my best then I guess everything will work out. I miss my family and my friends back in Ohio. I wish that I could go back sometimes. If there was anything to go back to. I don't think that they really care that I am so far away. It is like I think to myself that things might be so much better there. Like if I  went back then my life would all make since. I think that I would be confused anywhere I go. Well my typing is starting to slow down now. My hands are getting tired. God, I should have taking a typing class in High school. My sweet mate is  watching late night and it is starting to get on my nerves. It is so loud. please let my twenty minutes be up. I need to get my act together if I don't then I will just be wasting my parents money. Maybe I should give my parents a call. But I think that I will wait for them to call me. I need to prepare for school. I need to try to socialize more. If I could manage more time. Maybe I should be an actor and work as a waiter in New York in the mean time. But there I go again with my fantasies. I'm probably stuck with a boring life like most people. Well my twenty minutes is up, I hope that my slow typing  has ruined this survey.  


right now I feel somewhat relaxed after having seen one of the most gory movies of all-time. The title of the movie is Event Horizon in which a ship is taken over by evil spirits which have been taken onboard through a dimension warp. My brain feels completely clouded over because I don't really want to start school. I also want to bet on football pretty badly. This past weekend I lost a pretty nice piece of change while none of my teams covered the spread. I hope to do much better this weekend, but it has me worried.     My toe also seems to be giving me trouble because it got infected about one year ago but it never seems to get all the way healed. Maybe there is a chance that it will give me problems for the rest of my life. I'm pretty tired right now since it is 1:15 in the morning. I feel I have had a productive day though because I went to class today and got meaningful information from them. Especially in this class. I usually have no sort of interest in scientific things like the brain but the lecture seemed really interesting. I liked the explanations that were given from several things in everyday life. It has also just hit me that Mr. pennebaker said he was from midland, which is also my hometown. I think its a pretty good place, you just have to have a little imagination that's all. I'm thinking that since I ran so much this evening my back might actually be sore because of it. Hell, I don’t know though. I could use a nice woman in my life right now, but I am extremely picky unless I've been boozing it a little. It is cold somewhat in my room right now and there are many things that I must take of before tomorrow. I need to do some laundry and do some reading for class. I get extremely irritated when things don't operate smoothly. I wish I knew more about computers so that I could take care of my email problem. A nice cheeseburger would be excellent right now but I don’t really want one do to the fact that I'm trying to lose a few lbs. I’m debating whether or not to turn the TV on and watch a movie or just go straight to bed. Last night I almost got in a fight with one of my pledge brothers and to tell you the truth. I think the guy knows I could have killed him because he is not crazy enough to take me. I'm really not in a position            do some work for a good cause. I need a damn job so I can get some money to pay off some debts and be in good standing with my parents. One thing I've noticed recently is that everyone talks bad about people behind their backs. I mean I've sat down and talked bad about probably everyone I know. People pick out one person's weakness or what they consider to be a weakness and bash them pretty good when they aren’t around. I know people say stuff about me when my back is turned but hey so did i. I figure its nothing to think about to seriously unless someone is spreading lies. That is bullshit. I've been writing now for 22 minutes I’ll stop. is there any that I could  


Stream of Consciousness  Well here I am. I wonder why the professor asked us to do this? I had to do this once before. I can't remember what class it was for. I think it was for English class. I liked my English teacher. I think her name is Mrs. Siskovic. She was a good teacher. She sounded when she read to us. I'm glad I took that dual credit English class, now I don't have to take English in college. That is one less thing to worry about. I wonder if I turned off the oven? Oh yeah, I did. I can't believe I left the refrigerator open all night. I'm just glad my milk didn't spoil. I just bought it. At least I don't think it spoiled, it tasted pretty good in my cereal this morning. I need to buy more cereal. That new cereal is pretty good. I think those fish sticks upset my stomach. I think next time I'll buy fish fillets. I like fish and fishing. I wonder if there is any place to fish around here. I think lake Wytnie is close but I'm not sure. Then again it be far. I don't know what to get my girlfriend for her birthday. I think I'll get her a card, some flowers, and take her out to dinner. I really miss her. I hope she goes to St. Edwards next year so she will be closer and I can see her more often. I can't believe I have to go to ACC next semester to take college Algebra. I must have skipped a question and didn't skip it on the answer sheet. I've already taken calculus in high school and I made an A. I can't believe I scored so low on the SAT 2 math part. I wonder if there is any more Kool-Aid left? I think there is grape, get some when I'm done. I'm real thirsty but he said not to stop once you've started. My hand is cramping. I think this callous on my finger is getting bigger. I hope I can figure out how to get my computer to work on the internet. I guess I'll just ask somebody. I hate to ask people things, especially directions. I think I'm done. 


I’m sitting at the computer. I just got done working out. my arms and chest are sore. The pain is good though. I want to go out. I want to start playing golf again but it is too expensive golf is fun but I like to go out partying but its expensive my girlfriend is bothering me oh well I like it my friend is talking about a boat it makes it harder to write but it is ok because I’m using his computer I want to play lacrosse but it is very rough I don’t understand how they play but don’t hurt themselves badly ya know well anyway I feel like running oh not really it is weird how my mind says stupid things that make no sense I think I will go to the steamboat and watch those two girls play again this will be their last time to ever play like it is a monumental breakup or something but hey what if one of them becomes good maybe I will be able to say yo man I saw them play live. noway  bro yea. cool They are pretty good I cant believe e I ever liked country music because it is all so fake I mean nobody writes there songs they don’t do anything but sing and look pretty especially the women. if you are ugly it is nearly impossible to be a country singer. unless you are Leann Rimes then you can tell every one that you are 14 and that’s ok because instead of the rednecks saying damn she’s got a nice ass I guess they could say she’s only 14 and that makes them happy. but if you think that ugly women is 14 you are sadly mistaken she’s back ok well I sure miss my Jim Roam I liked that show but it is on the air in Austin oh well Austin is cool anyway even if there is no damn parking. I miss the old days of just driving around town and then thinking to myself  I go there and hey what do you know there is a parking spot or even a whole lot of parking spots. yea but then I would have to live in my boring ass town where there is nothing to do at all I mean take tonight for example I’m going to watch a band play in pearland I would be sleeping but here I’m going to start drinking a couple minutes in fact I will start drinking now oh no there is a man possessed by alcohol on the computer you must stop him he could easily kill some innocent family of 4 walking along and that would be very very unfortunate. ok whatever I’m crazy no not really so I am just about done here according to the little clock in the bottom of the screen in the bottom of the screen cool I’m going to party I quit bye  


I have never used Julie's computer before. It's kind of weird. I don't  like the font being used on this computer. I wish there was a way I could  change it. I am also very irritated that I am still on the same line that  I started on. Maybe if I press enter it will start a new line. There you go. Much better. I am kind of tempted to use this fan connected  on the  desk here, even though I am not hot. I just feel like using it. Alison is funny. We keep writing each other email even though we could be sitting right next to each other. Carrie is coming to visit tomorrow. I am so excited. Chris said that he might come the next weekend. I am in love with Chris. He has no idea though. I wish I could tell him, but I know that he does not feel  the same way. He is always talking about how picky he is. I am certainly  not his type. God I wish I was. I told him that one day I would be perfect for him. Sigh. I can't wait to see him. I keep thinking of my exboyfriend. He has to be the biggest jerk known to man. The problem is that I don't think of the bad stuff, only the good. Ok, this is driving me crazy. I don't know how this page has been arranged, but I don't like it . ARGH!  Someone just  died in Carries dorm last night. It sounds horrible. I would be so scared if someone down the hall from me was killed. I've got ten minutes to go. I  can dig it. I don't really like Amber. She gross. Smokes too much. I don't smoke that often. Julie just found one of Jason's hidden cigs. It was funny. He was all saying, I've never seen that before. He's cute. Today's his  birthday. I haven't gotten him a present yet, although I know what I'm gonna get  him. I'm sleepy. I almost feel asleep in biology. Someone did and Billie put the spotlight on them. I wonder what someone reading this would be thinking right now. Who the hell is Billie probably. That would be an interesting  job. Reading all the submissions. People's minds are fascinating. I wish I c could read people's minds. Thoughts are cool. You know most of the time  people are really thinking about sex or something else taboo. Actually, I don’t really know if that's true, but I've read statistics. I don't think  about sex all the time, but I do often remember kisses, or picture myself  kissing someone. I hope that's normal. Kissing is so romantic. It can  mean so much. How depressing it is to not have someone to kiss. I often  feel sorry for myself. I don't think that's wrong. My sister just walked in. I was kind of worried that she would see what I was writing. Is that wrong, to be writing about kissing. It is kind of personal. I'm thinking about  dogs now. They are so cute. I really love baby animals. I can't wait to  live in an apartment or house where I can own a mutt. I'd like to own a dog with Chris someday. I think it would scare him if he knew how much I thought  about him. I don't know if I really am in love with him, but I often think I  am. If only I could be forty pounds lighter. I had planned on losing five pounds a month. I haven't checked since moving to Austin. I don't think I’ve lost any weight though. I tend to eat a lot of cafeteria food. We are  going out to dinner to night. I need to ask Julie if she has a scale so that  I can weigh myself. I wasn't to sure I wanted to go. It's with J and J and  friends I don't know. I hope I get along well with everyone. I wonder if my train of thought that I'm typing is a good representation of how I really think. Wow, I've written for 24 minutes now. Those last ten minutes flew by. My hand hurts now so I guess I'll stop. I feel as though I should thank you  for listening. Thanks         


I feel kind of alone. I feel like I can't trust as many people as I use to. The people I trust are miles from me. I miss them. I miss talking to them everyday. Even though we still keep in touch it's not the same. I miss my hometown. I miss playing highschool basketball. College is going to be hard for me because I never study and when I do Study I can't study that long because I get tired because tired. It feels like my life is just beginning because I'm experiencing new things. I wonder if I'm going to meet the perfect girl up here. I'm kind of scared of this assignment because I don't know if I am doing it right but I think I am. I need a haircut because my hair is starting to get shaggy. I like getting haircuts. I'm tired but that's nothing unusual because I 'm always tired. I think I'm going to visit my home town this weekend. I want to see a good movie because I haven't seen one in a while. My eyes are starting to hurt because I have to stare at the keys hard. 


As I write this paper I am still filled with the stress, but know gets much worse. I have been hired for a job, and I am still pondering if it is possible to handle both a job and school. I guess you can call it greed about money, but I need it to stay here. I am also thinking that this to easy. College is supposed to be hard, and yet my hardest class is my Microeconomics. With all this stress I still have the one thought in my head. What if I was not born?  Would it be less stressful?  This is not a suicide letter, but the thought of me not being born always enters my mind. Is life nothing but work and school, or is it much more. I do not know I guess I am always thinking about the negative aspects of life. The world is not like peaches and cream. Tonight is a busy night. I have to do my laundry, and do some reading. I guess I am psyching myself out. And yet I am alone in a city that is surrounded by my burden. I do not know what the point of writing this. I guess I need the grade, but even then I wish why I can not be truly happy about my life. To think that some where around the world somebody is happy, and it makes me sick to think about that. Life is not fun and games it is a weary journey that must be gone through, but I can't rest my feet until I am done and gone. 


I’m feeling a little stress coming on now, because I’m think about everything  I have to do, but have yet to start it. sometimes I can't resist going out with  friends and that is really bad, because then I don't have time to study. I  don't know what else I’m feeling right now. I’m just sitting in front of a  computer in the pcl and typing along. even though the paper doesn't not need correct spelling and stuff, I still go back and correct it(I guess cause it's a  habit). right now I’m observing people as they walk by. I really enjoy this  assignment, because it helps me to put all my thoughts and feelings on paper,  instead of holding them in ( as what I normally do)  I generally don't like to  tell people my feelings inside, I guess cause I’m very paranoid and I don't  trust others with my personal secrets, even if they were really close friends  of mine. I can't wait until later(6:00p. m. when I go practice my throwing of  footballs. I’m really excited about intramural football. most of the people  on my team are really nice. I’m just a little scared about the real games b/c  I’m afraid that the guys on the other coed I’m teams will run into me and hurt  me. I was really sore this morning, after I woke up b/c of football practice  yesterday morning. football practice was pretty fun. I enjoy going through  all the drills and practices. at first I wasn't too sure about playing I’m  football, but when one of my friends asked me to join her team I was like sure. our team makeup is kinda funny. we have all upperclassmen guys and mainly freshman girls. I just thought that was kinda interesting. well, I’m looking  at the clock and it seems like I have five more minutes of writing time. right after I do this assignment, I’m going to go study on the fourth floor. I really don't want to be left behind in my classes. I already am and that's  not a good way to start off my college years. in high school I studied  constantly and now I rarely get to study b/c there is so much stuff going on  and I usually give in to my friends when they want to go do something. I  think time really does fly by. before I know it, it's time to go to sleep again I wish I had nothing to worry about. I always wondered what my life would be like  if I was rich. it would be much more relaxing I think. well, it's already been  twenty minutes and I would write longer, but I really have got to go studying. I can't wait until I get to write paper 2, because I have a lot to say about my  college experience so far. 


well t. Today is Monday and this has been a really shitty day. This is my 5th time to turn in this assignment. Right now I am at my boyfriends house b/c my computer was as getting interrupted by the phone ringing. I did not know how to turn off the call waiting. So every time that I was going to turn in the assignment the phone would ring and I would have to start over. Well let's see I am from midland and I come from a family of 7. there are 3 boys and 2 girls. There names are Carla(25), Ian(23), Tony(20), Tina(me)(19), and then there is  jimbo (18  Carla and Ian are my half brother and sister. There last name is Umlauf, there grandfather is Charles Umlauf a sculpturist who passed way not too long ago. Ian and Carla are both graduating in December. Ian is majoring in art, and Carla in Sociology. Carla is also getting married in May. Tony is the majoring in engineering. He is so sweet!  Then there is me, a sophomore here at U. T. majoring in Elementary Education. My little brother is Jimbo, he is going to school in Florida in St. Augustine. He is playing baseball at Flagler University. I hope he does well. So all 5 of us are in college right now. Carla Ian Tony and me all go to school here at the university of Texas, and Jimbo in Florida. I have two roommates, they are cousins to each other. I lived with them last year at the dorm. Things are going okay I guess. They can get really annoying sometimes. I am glad that I have my own room so I don't always have to listen to them. Because they are cousins they tell each other anything. I mean that they will fight about anything. They will say things to each other that you normally would not say to a roommate, like you are being a bitch or that looks like shit on you. I don't know I just don't like listening to them all the time. They share a room and I have my own, thank god!  I hope things will start settling down!   


As I sit here trying to think of something to say, my mind is completely blank. This kind of thing always happens when I am trying to write. I guess the only thing on my mind right now is whether or not I am going to make it at such a big school like UT. I have to walk a lot and the studying is sometimes hard. I am a music major a the time, but I really hate it. I think it is a worthless major. It's too much work for nothing. Music majors don't make ANY money. I think that a big part of going to college is learning how to make money. I guess if I was really devoted to playing the piano money really wouldn't matter to me, but I couldn't see myself sitting on my ass playing the piano the rest of my life. I really want to do something exciting. Another thing that is bothering me right now is the fact that I go to school 16 hours a week and I am only getting credit for 12. That's four hours I am not getting credit for. All of which are of course music classes. I only get 3 hours for a 5 hour Musicianship class and I only get 1 hour for a 3 hour ensemble class. I really like it here, but I miss my friends back home. I think it is going to be weird seeing them again during thanksgiving and Christmas. I want to know how their schools are and if they have been to any good parities or if they have made many friends. One thing about going to UT is that it is hard to make friends here because there are so many people. I  have, though, made friends with many people that I live with along with some people in my classes. I went to a pretty cool concert this weekend. I went with some of my friends that are still in high school. I miss hanging out with them. It was like old times again. I went with my old boyfriend and all of his friends. I was the only girl as always but that's what I'm used to. I guess I have to keep my attention on what I am doing here though. So that I can survive through college. I think my mom is going to be mad because I may have maxed out my phone card, but that is kinda off the subject. My mind wanders like that sometimes. Tamesha is beating up her CD player. She is sitting next to my cursing at her portable CD player. Now she is blowing the dust out of it because she thinks that it might work better if she does that. well my time is up, and just in time too because my mind just went blank again. 


Right now I am thinking about my girlfriend and what she is doing. Why is this guy behind me being so loud in the study center. I almost forgot how to spell "center. "  This guy is trying to be as loud as possible. What is going on tonight?  I sure do have a lot of homework. Why doesn't this guy get a megaphone so he can be even louder?  Shut up Please!  I hate this kid. Why is this girl laying on the couch doing her homework?  I had fun last night. I wonder what my roommate did. This guy is really pissing me off. What the hell is his problem?  I swear to everything that is holy if he does not shut up I will make the next four years of his life a living nightmare. What is my friend Jeremy doing right now?  This is boring. Not hard though. This seems so stupid of a time. It's only been five minutes I still have fifteen more to go. What classes do I have tomorrow?  SHUTUP ASSHOLE!!!  I have Calculus and English. One hour classes not too bad. I am tired. I am going to take a nap later. I am getting tired of writing. Getting sleepy. What is this guy next to me doing?  This guy that walked in is a real dork. I wonder what he did last night. Only ten minutes to go. This jerk is moaning out loud now. What is he thinking?  I am going to kill him. This guy's headphones are way too loud. I am hungry. Why?  I just ate. I am getting tired of waiting. This is boring. Only eight more minutes that I have to listen to this inconsiderate bastard. That guy wants that girl. I am through now. I am going to my room to sleep. 


I'm just sitting here thinking while I wait for my clothes to clean. While sitting here I realize how much my life is different in Austin rather than two hundred and eighty miles away in Nederland. For example, I always had someone to do my laundry there and if I did it myself I never had to wait for a washing machine. The thing I miss most about Nederland is not having my friends around. Even though my best friend and my girlfriend are also attending U. T and both are staying in Jester I still miss my other friends a lot. I always thought when I came to Austin it was going to be so much fun, but now I realize there is a lot of work involved. Only a week has gone by since I got here and I already have so much to do. That is another thing I miss about home, the ability to do nothing if I so desire. Here "doing nothing" is not an option. I feel that if I do nothing I will fall behind and just be wasting time. I miss the little things about home. Even though my girlfriend lives here I miss being able to go to each others house. Sure we can go to each others dorm rooms but I miss the feeling of home and hanging out with her family and mine. That is another thing I have not mentioned yet, I miss my family. I honestly did not think I would but I do. I guess over time I will grow accustomed to living here and maybe eventually be able to call Austin my home. Well, it's time to put the clothes in the dryer so I guess this is the end. 


Okay, I've begun writing. One thing I should probably point out as I recall  the above statement about disregarding grammar is that I spend so much time typing on the computer that editing grammar and punctuation as I type are  second nature to me, so it's not like I've gone back and fixed all the errors. Which doesn't mean that there probably aren't any run on sentences in here. Okay. That's been said. Right now my roommate is being fairly loud. I find that bothersome. I'm not sure if he's stupid or inconsiderate. I'd rather be at home right now. I was spoiled by having to do little to no work over the summer and now I'm having trouble getting the motivation to do anything. It made the summer more fun at the time, but it was maybe not such a good idea. Ideas are like that because of that whole 20/20 hindsight thing. I'm looking at the vents on the side of my computer and for some reason it struck me that they look like gills. I'm not looking forward to having to do the other  writing assignment. Which is not to say I think it'll be difficult, but this assignment requires almost no discipline. The other one will require me to  have directed thought, and that's not really that big a deal, but it's one thing to sit down ready to do a task and another thing to attempt the task when you know exactly how long you're supposed to be doing it. What I mean to say is that the time will seem to pass more slowly because I'll be watching the clock, so  I'll probably be more bored, and I don't like to be bored. I'm not very far into this but my train of thought seems to have stopped. Probably because my roommate(or actually suitemate; I have a room to myself but share a refrigerator, microwave and two bathrooms with two other guys)keeps playing random notes on his guitar and someone else in his room is speaking very loudly. It wouldn't be so bad if he'd just shut his door, but for some reason he hasn't thought of  that. They've wandered outside his room and are now talking very loudly outside of my door now. Now they seem to have left, so maybe I can concentrate. No, that didn't work. I've found it previously difficult to make my mind blank intentionally, but now it seems to come quite easily. I think probably I'm tired. The cable system here has more cable changes than the cable at my home, so when there's nothing else to do I usually watch something like Comedy Central late at night and shave a few hours off of a healthy amount of sleep. That's better; time's passing quickly now. Which I normally wouldn't like, but this is something I wouldn't have done if it wasn't a grade(no offense to anyone involved in this research)and when you're forced to do something you want it to end quickly. I think the air conditioning in this dorm is screwed up. It's hot right now, and I had to buy a fan earlier to keep it semi-cool in my room. It doesn't work all the time. Like right now. The fan's blowing on me, but I'm not cool. There he goes again. I think my roommate's playing 'Sympathy for the Devil' now. Which isn't so bad, because that's a good song. I tried to learn the piano once, but I didn't stay on it for very long. I found that the teacher was really good for nothing, because I could learn everything she taught from the book itself. But when I stopped going to lessons I found too many other things to occupy my time, and stopped practicing. I would have liked to have been able to play the keyboard parts in several Rolling Stones songs. And several other of the 'older' bands' songs. Most modern music is pretty much no good. And that brings an end to my twenty minutes. 


My thoughts, sensations, and emotions are always changing with each new experience, idea, and whatever happens throughout my life. They are affected sometimes by what other people think and sometimes affected from just maturing and thinking differently. Right now I feel like I am in control of myself because I am doing well in school academically, socially, and mentally. School work is very important to me and I make sure that I do well. I don't go overboard like a lot of my friends who study hours every day. Socially, I have adapted very well in meeting new friends. Mentally, I am in control and focused on what is going on in my life. There were some problems that have caused some stress in my life since college started. First, me and my roommate got in some petty arguments, but now we are getting along just fine. Also, I had some guy problems. I regretted doing some things I knew I shouldn't have done, but now we worked things out and or friendship is even better than before. I know that I haven't been eating right and sleeping enough, which is causing some changes in my body that cause me to be more tired and weak. I always go to sleep way too late and wake up early for my classes. Last night a friend called at two in the morning and I talked to him for hours even though I should have y eight-o-clock class. I am in a very good mood today because everything seems to be working out for me. I'm usually a nice pleasant person until I am faced with a lot of stress or go through PMS. Then I get in a really bad mood. My friends know when to stay away from me. The only thing really troubling me right now is all the reading I have to do for my classes. the assignments they give us are no problem, but the reading is crazy. They bombard us with reading assignments that  really aren't necessary. My art class, for instance, requires for the present moment for me to read from pages 13 to 200-something. I really don't want to read about all these statues and paintings and sculptures from different eras. Anyway, I miss my family, but I'm not homesick at all. How can I be when my parents call ALL the time?  I know they care for me, but it's really not necessary for them to want to visit every weekend, which I won't allow them to do. That sounds mean, but they're going to have to get used to it. I do miss the free laundry and the home-cooked meals and my own room and my nice bathroom, but oh well.                     


hmmm, what should I write. This is so hard for me, but I think I'll make it work. That guy just signed on again, and I won't be surprised if he sends me an Instant Message. But I really don't want to talk to him. The refrigerator is making this humming noise that always bothers me, even when I’m sleeping. I hope that my roommate sleeps over at trey's apartment because I don't want to hear her snore. There is somebody talking outside, I can hear them even way up here. I should turn off that light by my bed because if it burns too long everything gets too hot. The creaking of the walls here bother me too. and now some girl just ran down the hall. The airplanes can be really loud here because we are so high. I don't understand why people can't shut their doors quietly or push their chairs in without making so much noise. I wonder if anyone is going to call me in the middle of this. That would make me lose everything. Those people that call that person next door are really pretty stupid. They let the phone ring like fifteen times. In a small dorm room is that really necessary?  My typing has gotten so bad, I hate to capitalize. I should have sent that letter on Saturday, but I was just too lazy to bring it down there. Now it's going to have a weird date on the letter that doesn't match the postmark date on the envelop. I guess I’m not the only one that does that though, so it's ok. My feet are cold. They are always so cold. and today the girl next door was complaining about how hot it was. I am never hot in this room. There is some humming coming from outside. I wonder if it is just a bus being idle right now. My computer just got more energy or something because it made some noise. People are walking in the hall now, I can here them. These walls must not have good insulation. There goes a loud car that was revved up too quickly. That doesn't make sense to me. I should wash my dishes. I wonder what my neighbors are talking about when they just said "that's really bad. "  my wrists are starting to hurt, I should probably change my hand position. I also should do my laundry. the rest of my laundry. I need to wash my towels. I wonder how long I would have to wait in line for the stuff. Probably too long, I think I will just wait till another day. That girl just coughed again. That makes me think that I should buy some cough drops. I am getting sleepy. I wish I wasn't so lazy. My eyes feel like their drooping. I wonder what the score is on the Cowboy game. I need to sit straight so that my back doesn't hurt. I wish I knew why my back hurts so much, I think it must have been that Sunday I helped dad. I really wish I had eaten something other than Burger King. I should have eaten Subway. I enjoy tuna subs better. I just yawned. I think I need stamina. My watch is digging into my are. I now have a whole impression of my watch in my arm. That kind of stuff annoys me. This watch is too little. It is made for little kids. I'm going to close my eyes while I type. I hope I don't mess up too many words. That would a bad think if it couldn't be read. I need to get a haircut, I want to get it styled, but I’m scared that the way it will be done won't look good. I’m taking off my watch now, it 's bothering me too much. why does my stapler have such a big crack down the middle of it  I wonder why the mail didn't come yesterday. that makes me so mad. I bet I would have had mail. this gum is tasting pretty gross but it tastes better than the burger. Yawn. now I have goosepimples. why am I so cold. I should probably put on a long shirt. why doesn't my camera rewind all the way. Maybe I should just get a new one. one of those advantage ones that I can take to Switzerland. that would be great for all the scenic pictures. Yawn. why do my eyes water so much when I yawn. that is very annoying. there goes the telephone again. I bet it will ring for a long time. nope it only rang once. I guess the girl is there now. my computer just froze up kinda, I bet I did something wrong, I am always doing something wrong. I wonder how fast I can type without making lots of mistakes. so far I am doing pretty good. why is it whenever you say that you get worse. ,  the second I said it, it got worse. now my wrists are really hurting. someone is going into their room, and the just slammed their door. that just bothers me so much. 


My name is Oscar Criel. I really don't know what I'm supposed to write but I guess I'll start anyway while I have some free time. I don't know if we're supposed to word wrap this thing or not so forgive me for the  excessive going out of the lines. I just barely made it here to the Ugl and decided  "why not and just do my homework while I have time. "  Today in Psych class it was  pretty boring. I just wish we did something a little more interesting. I took this class because an old girlfriend/friend recommended taking this class. She  told about her Psych class and how interesting it was. So far I like the class  but I wish we could start on some interesting facts. I still haven't bought my  Psych book and I hope I can hang on for one more day. I'm really just worried  about whether my financial aid is coming in. I also miss home already. I decided  not to go home over the holidays so I could stay here and hang out with my friends. But I think I made the wrong decision. Even though I came during the summer I still miss  home. For that whole month in the summer of 97 I just thought about going home. I was in the preview program for the summer but I don't regret being in that program. I met some of the coolest people during the summer than I have my whole  entire life. My old friends seem like dumb asses when compared to the ones I met. I just wish I didn't feel so insecure About Math. I hate Math. I used to be good in it when I was in Jr. High and the beginnings of my high school life. But during my Jr. and Sr. year I really slacked off and got my first C's from my  Pre-cal class and my Calculus class. That's one of the reasons I came during the  summer so I could take Pre-cal. That was one of the worst Classes I have ever taken. I got my first D in the summer and my dad wasn't to happy. He graduated from UT  and he wants me to do the same. I'll try not to disappoint him but I don't know  what the future holds for me. I just wish I wasn't in a major that required taking a  math class. But I hope I get an A average this fall. I better. I just need to work more smarter and know and learn how to study better. Plus I have a work study job now and I hope that doesn't drag me down. I guess It's almost been twenty minutes but  I still got about three more minutes to go . It's weird but I didn't think I could type for a solid twenty minutes without stopping for  a five minute rest or something. One ting I know right now is that I am starving. That damn job is costing me my  lunch. I think I have to start packing a lunch every time I go to work. I need to  buy meal replacement bars when I get my first paycheck. I just hope it's more than a hundred dollars. I forgot but I need to call my dad and ask about the financial aid. I guess I'll call him tonight and maybe he could sort out things. I feel so tired. I just want to go back home and sleep for ever. But I know that wouldn't be the wise thing to do. College sucks. I just wish things came a lot more easier to me. I have no more thoughts. I am just stuck here typing on a computer. Well I better  go eat now and hope that I typed enough for this assignment. One down and one to go. I guess I'll see you in class. Bye. 


In this present moment I feel slightly irritated due to the fact that earlier  today I was not able to surf the internet on America Online. The problem of surfing the internet could have been easily solved by going to a computer lab  in my dormitory(Jester) and logging on to the internet from there. However. my focus was to locate some friends on the internet. This feature is exclusive to America Online and not possible to achieve in the Jester Computer lab. Ultimately I gave up and now I am in the process of typing this 'stream of consciousness'. Another issue on my mind. even though it may sound trivial is table tennis. Earlier in the day my friends and I were unable to get an open table which irritated me. Truthfully, I will admit that I am fairly easily irritated. I think that a large blame on this problem rests on my tendency to be a perfectionist. When things do not get done, or do not get done the way that I want. I get really irritated.   On a good note, one good aspect about myself is that I realize my shortcomings. I am trying my best to overcome these bad tendencies that I have. In my opinion, college means to me a clean slate in which I can start over. I am trying my best to get off and remain on the right foot. One of my foremost goals is to meet new colleagues and friends. Friendship is very important to me. Without friends. the road of life would be lonely indeed. Whether these friends are so called 'e-friends' that I keep in touch with over the internet, or friends I know in person. they are equally important.   While I am on the 'e-friend' topic. I feel compelled to mention an incident that happened to me on the internet. I met a nice female an America Online. Considering that America Online is the largest internet provider in the world. I was very surprised that this person  happened to live in close proximity of me. We set up a rendezvous at a coffee  house in which we met in person. We had a good time. This just shows how the world is smaller than it seems. In addition. I also keep in touch with e-friends in such places and Germany and Singapore. It is very interesting to converse with them.    As you can probably tell. I am very much a technophile. I love anything electronic and I especially love computers. But of most importance to me as I mentioned already are friends. I guess I could say the prevalent topic in this 'stream of consciousness' is friendship. To tell the truth. if any of my e-friends were severed from my acquaintance, be it by losing touch or just plain not talking to me any more, I would be extremely upset. However. I know it cant last forever. Sometimes it seems that nothing will last forever. I guess sometimes we just have to move on. 


I am at work right now but I don’t start to work until about 30 more minutes I wonder if any one is  going to if anyone is going to ask me what I am doing oh well there is this person that I think is real nice so I cant really how does this thing work any way why won't it go to the next line by itself so I guess ill start to press enter when I cant see the words I am typing  I feel like laughing I don’t really know why well I do but it would be  to dangerous for me to type them down. so one might see I wish I could go  home I just found out that my botany class test are short answers great. I still like the class though  cant wait fort he day to be over. I is supposed to rain today I want it to but I don't want to walk home or any where in this assignment is kind of hard I cant type as quick as my mind thinks I'm not sure I like this computer either well I’m still skipping my thoughts  on the next assignment I think I better write it down instead. ok the truth  I did erase something from the beginning of this document. I’m at work for goodness sakes. why do I keep putting periods down I guess it is hard to  write with out using punctuation also his voice sounds wonderful ok I've got to stop that oh well I didn’t know that the top lines of the document eventually go up that a good thing she smiled at me probably wondering what I was doing I wish I had more time to write some more poems I will though I really want to perfect the one I wrote about the tanut this I going to look crazy when they print it out. I like this assignment though I never did ask if it was ok for me to be doing homework on the computers at work but mine at home is not fast enough to or doesn’t have enough speed to get everything on the net on  my computer I rally want to  buy some more software for it but I don’t know if I can afford it so this guy that I was telling you about is so fine I feel like I want to jump his bones I even had a dream about him last night nothing nasty though it wasn’t even sexual so I wonder if they are going to see how many times a guy verses a girl brings up the topic of sex in their writings I hope my TA gets all of this information. anyway he's so sexy I have a boy friend thought it will be five years in November I don’t believe it I love him though ok my mind has gone blank I cant think of anything I wish that when I write paper that the information I need to write him would flow a quickly as it is right now that would be cool so I could write a complete 12 page paper in one day I guess I would procrastinate one time though come to think of it yesterday I should have been writing my thoughts down I actually because aware became aware of what I was thinking it was kind of weird why to I keep trying to correct my mistakes maybe so it will be easier for the readier to follow I bet they are going to be having a grand time reading this class assignment I wonder what they are looking for. any way it would probably mess up the study if I did know. naked why I don’t know so one to the next topic my the way I wasn’t taking bout the Winston cigarette ads you know I don't smoke anyway well two more minutes until I have the file away my life at least to you its a play on words because it is part of the job description that I do I won't be doing it for the rest of my life though I do know that for sure actually I’m not sure I know what I want to do bye. 't be doing it for                            


I kind of don't know what to write. I am sitting here next to a guy who knows just everything about computer. I feel like I am stupid cause my typing speed and I didn't even know how to get on UT web page. Oh well, I will learn how to do that later. that is why I am here. I really like computer, I learned a lot about it in past two months. I really hope I still have AOL, so I can talk to some of my friends up there. I wrote like thousands of e-mails. But my e-mail box was empty. I can't believe it. Did all those friends of mine forget about me!!!!! Oh well! they are not really friends. I don't even know what they look like. I don't really care, but I like e-mails. I like getting attentions. =) I really miss my boyfriend. he is in Houston, and I am going back tomorrow. Coming to college can be so much trouble. I hate facing problems on my own. I need someone like watch my back or something. I need my boyfriend's support. He can be so sweet sometime. he makes me forget all the problems. I always call him when I am in stress. taking to him makes me feel comfortable. Man! my phone bill is going to scare me. but I can't help to call him. he means a lot to me. he is black. My parents don't really know about him. I wonder what will happen if I tell them. Like all other Chinese parents, they probably kill me or something. I wish my parents understand, but I don't expect too much. I know how it is like. they don't really know much about other race. They didn't even like my exboyfriend, because he is half Vietnamese half white. I been typing for a long time, but there is like so little on the screen, oh well I am going to type a little longer. I wonder how does the instructor know how long did I write. is there is clock in this program or something. it like counts the how long I been writing. I am like so surprised myself, I am writing a home work on the day I got it. and the due day is like a month away or something. I need to study more in college. I wonder if I can. I am afraid to promise myself, cause I might not do it. oh well , let's see how things go. My life is so hard. I wish I can write like everyone else. I wish English was my first language. no I don't, I am happy I can speak two language, but it was so painful when I didn't know how to speak English. it will always be a scar for me, mentally I mean. I always talk about how hard it was. I don't know if people like to hear it. Man, this page is wide. Is there a way I can make it narrow. I been writing for so long. this thing is such a pain. but I know it is good for me. I can improve my writing or something, but it is for psychology class. Anyway, it is cool. ok, I been writing for a while, I think it is enough. I am gonna stop. okay bye, until next time. =)   gone sleeping =P 


I am from San Antonio. I feel sick all of the time. I don't feel nervous or anxious, I just don't feel well. I started feeling this way when I moved to Austin. I usually don't get more than 4 hours of sleep a night and I usually only eat one meal per day. I don't think that I am depressed, although last night I cried for about 30 minutes because I was thinking about things from the past. I miss my ex-boyfriend. When we broke up I felt like a failure because he was the only guy that I tried for. He has been the only guy that I have ever cared about. I also cried because I miss my mother. She died from leukemia when I was 9. Right now I don't feel like studying for my Chemistry quiz tomorrow, even though I really need to. There is this problem I seem to have with caring. I just don't. There are only two people in this whole world that I would cry at their funerals if they were to die. Those two people are my dad and my brother. Lately I feel like they don't really care to talk to me though. My best friend is also my roommate and she has gotten a call or a visit from someone in her family at least everyday. I haven't gotten a call from anyone in my family yet. I guess it doesn't really matter though. There is this guy in Austin that I may start to actually like. I met him at the summer orientation for pre-freshmen. Then, over the summer, he spent five days looking up my phone number over the internet. (Or so he says)  Well now we are sort of dating and I'm starting to get a little interested. I'm very insecure though, and I think that he is too good-looking for me and soon he will find someone better. That's why I try not to let myself care too much for him. My roommate thinks that I am just a player because I talk to a lot of guys, but that is not what I want. I want someone to want to be with me all of the time, and no one else. I only want one person for me, but at the same time there are so many new and interesting people attending this University that I have a hard time being serious about committment right now. I don't know. I guess I will just have to see what happens, right?  My dad doesn't understand that I don't care about my new step-mother. She is my second step-mother because my dad and first step-mother got a divorce. I didn't care about her either. My first step-mother had two sons of her own and I was glad when they got divorced because I didn't like her or her sons. My step-mother now, I like, but I just don't care what happens. She is not my mom. You only have one mother in a lifetime. As long as she makes my father happy, she is cool. I'm so tired, but I probably won't be able to sleep again tonight. Most of my classes are giving me a lot of work to do. My friends all say that it sucks to be Heather, but I don't really care. I have a job interview on Friday. I don't want a job, but my dad wants me to get one. I want to go home. Home is not my dorm room, and it's not my house in San Antonio where my parents live either. I say that I want to go home all of the time, but I still don't know what I mean when I say it. When I find that place where I am happy I guess then I will know what I mean. I'm not a happy person. yet. I am content, but not happy with my life. I have this one candle that I light when I feel truly happy. I haven't lite it in years. 


I just finished my last class for the day. I sit at he computer for almost two hours without knowing what I wanted to do or where I wanted to go. This is my first year here at UT. My mind is very messed up today. I don't know what I want to do. I would say that I'm kind of lost--confused, worried, and depressed. Usually, the first day of school always seems to be the best day of school for me throughout the years from junior high through high school. However, today, I'm finally in college and for some reason I don't feel any excitement at all like I used to. Perhaps it's because something that's bothering me inside. I don't feel like talking to anybody. I wanted to go to class yet when I arrived to one class, I just want to lay down on the little desk and rest. The day is almost gone by and I still don't know what my destinations are. There are so many things that await me. I don't know whether I should go to parlin to pick up my English portfolio, to go to the library to do my homework, to go to the bookstore to buy my books, or just go home, take a shower and jump right into bed. I don't even know what I'm writing now. I'm just simply typing in what I have in mind now. All these confusions that I have right now. Well, I'm thinking what am I going to do tomorrow. Should I wake up early or should I sleep for another few hours?  I mean I don't have to come to class until half an hour after noon tomorrow!  I hope I could gather my thoughts together soon so that I could determine what is that, that I really want to do. 


I keep coughing so much in class I think I probably annoy the crap out o everybody there. I should stop smoking so much. It feels good to be back in school, seeing friends again, but I miss my mom. She is wittiog all the way in Ethiopia and I'm over here. IT sucks. But there is always Christmas time, so it is not that bad. I have no idea what that holiday is going to be like. This guy just bumped in to me an did not even apologize. I hate it when people do that. He just walks by like It's okay to knock people into a damn computer screen. Jerk. I don't understand how I am going to keep writing for twenty minutes. The way I type it will probably be the worst thing anyone has ever read. I tend to type fast and then screw up a lot along the way. There is a guy near me talking a bout the Swiss air crash and Jerry McGuire. I hate baseball so I couldn't care less. There goes my cough again. I got to get home soon, I got a date. This is really a nice girl and I hope it works out, but I will probably spend the hold time coughing anyway. The guy is now talking about wire services. What in the world are wire services. I am getting kind of thirsty and I should get a drink of water, but I do not know where the water fountains in this library are. I hate asking people about it, I guess I feel stupid. I wonder what the guys who read this stuff do. Do they analyze it of just laugh at the kind of things people come up with. I would probably laugh a lot. If this was me reading it I would be cracking up. Then a gain I am kind of a jerk. What I don't understated about the internet is how people think its so much phone. I like e mail and research its great. But this whole surfing the web for hours like its some sort of athletic event seems kinds stupid. I thinks I sound like some commercial  I saw. Its amazing how TV effects you like that. You watch some stupid ditcom and then start using the vocab all over the palace. IT hate the people who keep going yadda yadda because of Seinfeld. But then again I pick up enough catch [phrases anyway. I just looked at  the watch, another ten minutes of writing. This is really weird. This is the first psych class I have taken and so far I enjoyed it. This is a different kind of activity. I have difficulty understanding how this helps us learn anything, but then again I am cynical by nature. The prof was talking about the brain today and it was really technical  I thought the class would not be like that. Not that I mind or I did not understand it, it was just a surprise. Somebody once told that psych classes are some of the most fun, I hope he is right. I don't see much of him anymore, he got married and has kids. So his life really changes. He's like my brother, wee used to hang out and drink beer all the time and go to games and stuff like that. Now he only wants to take his baby to the Children's museum and  do family things. I love the kid, but I miss the old him who would drive off to new Orleans on a whim because he wanted a sandwich form a particular cafe. It's funny who people change. I' feel I have changed in college. I would not say I grew up, I just found out things about myself that I would not have ordinarily known like what it's like to be away form all the comforts of home and how I would handle it. Or to be away form Africa and in America again. I kind of glorified it but it did not turn out that way. I hope that December comes so, I am looking forward to all my friends and my parent, an my dog . I want to get a dog hear but the apt does not allow it so I guess I am stuck. My place is too small anyway. I have not really seen that  many apt in Austin that allow pets. but I am sure there a lot. Hey that girl is really cute.                                               


she probably didn't but she can be so irresponsible sometimes. I guess that's because she's the baby of the house. Maybe one of these days she'll grow up. That reminds me I need to call a doctor and make an appointment for her. Today's Tuesday. That's good I only have one class today. Oh darn I almost forgot I still have to call the electric company to check the meter. I don't see how my electric bill was so much this month. That's an outrageous amount for a 750 sq. ft. place. There's got to be something wrong. At least I don't have to deal with those jerks that live below  me anymore. Next time they park their truck in my parking space I'm going to have them towed. I sick and tired of dealing with those childish idiots. I can't believe they actually sit on the balcony with binoculars and gock at the sorority house next door. They have no manners what so ever. Is  my time almost up?  I still have another six minutes to go. I wonder how Chris and Amy are doing I have talked to them since the Saturday before they were about not leave for UGA. I wonder what it would've been like if I went to UGA. I wonder if Marlow ever called Katie back. Even if he did she was probably sleeping. She was out of it last night. I hope she doesn't fall for that jerk, Lee again. Hey  what do you know my time's up. Well I guess I better get my other stuff done. 


I don't have a clue of why I am feeling this way . I am thinking about many things as I type this paper. One thing is, I hope I have a good freshmen year in college. I was not worried about college until I got up here. Now that It has  started I'm nervous. I'm waiting for the day when I have test in every class, I don't know how I will handle it. I going to have so many things going on such as fraternity stuff. This is going to be gun but I hope I have some free time to study during pledge ship. If  I don't my life will be miserable and I will end up  at good ol cleburne Texas. So far in Austin I fill comfortable when I m around other people but get home sick when I m alone in my room doing nothing. I fill weird because when I was at home I could call my friends and girlfriend and we would go out and do something, now that I don't know a lot of people I can't do that. I fill that your class is going to lots of fun because you came across as a good professor. Tonight i am going out to have fun with my pledge brothers we only have 2 more days of freedom. I hope I  make it to christmas, if I do pledgeship will be done with and I can go on living a normal life. Right now I fill like eating something but I don't know what. Jester food does not go down right. I think that is why I am sick. My brother is  a senior this year and will graduate in December. I wish I was in his place. I'm ready to settle down and hopefully make a good living to support my family. I fill at this time that I want to do something in computers. That is where the money is. the thing is that I'm not ready for really hard classes and bundles  of homework. Well my 20 minutes is up so I'm going to submit my paper and grab a bite to eat. 


By back hurts when I sit like this and I can feel the little tendon that is inflamed. I don't really have to think about each letter that I type on the keyboard I just think about what I want to say and it goes from my mind through the fingers and into the computer. I just stopped to think about what to write about next but I don't know exactly what I'm thinking so I'll write about what I just thought. my mind is telling me that it is lunch time and my stomach is agreeing. I think that I am going to eat healthy today because I have been slacking off pretty bad. I should probably eat some of the food that my parents gave me this weekend so that my roommate doesn't eat it all. Gosh my back hurts. Damn rain. Houston has a lot of rain, probably more than Austin I think I like usstin a lot better than Houston, it is cooler here to there is not nearly as much humidity, Gosh I have a bad cough, why do I get depressed so easily I  think my problem is that I am always trying to please everybody else and not myself. I guess that is good because it is unselfish but it is my life and everybody says that life is short but see there I go listening to everybody else again. Goodness I have a cough a headache and my back is so screwed up , it sucks to go from being very active to nearly useless . My whole life has been about having fun and playing sports and now it hurts to bad just sitting here. it is amazing that I was not paralyzed, I could not imagine what it must feel like to know that you will never stand up strait or run or even walk again. that suck but I see now that my situation is not as bad as many peoples. what do I write now I wonder. I wonder how many people will be on sixth street I wonder why my nose is itching and I haven't stopped typing to scratch it . it must be a zit trying to emerge. Janel if you read this you probably think that last statement is gross but I am very frank. I wonder if I am going to do good here at UT. I wonder what song that is being played down the hall so loud. I wonder if that is. Oh well the reptilian part of my brain is telling me that I have written for twenty minutes and that I should do something else. 


I know there's nothing "wrong" I can write, but I still feel like whatever I'm writing may not be what they had in mind. It's about 11:20, and I am starving. As soon as I finish this I'll get to go and eat. I just came back from calculus, which is at least a 15 minute walk away from where I am (which is Dobie). I don't think I'm going to learn too much from the professor I have for calculus. He doesn't ever explain what the hell he's trying to do, and, like today when this guy tried to ask him, he almost yelled at him for jumping ahead. It is really frustrating because he first says something and then writes it down verbatim, and it makes me really mad. He wastes so much class time writing down the obvious even after he's said it ten times. I tried taking notes, but I doubt they'll help. I have always loved math, but this is just frustrating. My friend Ashli (who also lives here nad is from my tiny hometown) has a suitemate named Sonia, who had him last year. She said it's horrible. SLhe only knew two people who got an A in his class. She was telling me about how he writes down every little thing, and now I see what she means. She also said his tests are nothing like the homework, so I don't know what to expect. I am so hungry right now. I didn't eat too much this morning, because I never seeem to be hungry when I first wake up. My roommate is really sick. Ithink she has strep throat. Which means it'll only be a matter of daysbefore I get it too. My immune system has never been that good. I know, I know, I never really exercised that much, but I never seem tok have too much energy. My mom always thought I was anemic, but tests show I'm supposedly not. It's so weird how whenever I walk around campus I keep seeing people I know. Well, not really know, but I recognize them from camptexas or orientation or somewhere like that. I usually don't get to know too many people from placeslike that because I tend to be a little on the shy side. People always toldm e I'd outgrow that, but, well, I'm still waiting. In fact if there's onet hing I could change about me, ti'd probably be that. Everyone says you can make yourself  not be shy, but I'm sorry, I don't know how. I've tried and tried, but to no avail. When I'm around a lot of people I know, it's not too bad. Like in high school, I knew everyone in school (it's a small school and we've allb een together since kindergarten) and it was never too bad. I didn't love public speaking or anything where a lot of attention was directly on me, but I was always pretty comfortbale around everyone. But here I feel kind of lonely. My cousin, GArrod, who is a sophomore here, says it was that way for him lst year. I can't even reach one of my older friends here. I don't know what the problem is. And my other friend I called never called back. I don't know if she just didn't get the message, or if she's not calling back because she doesn't want to. My friend Ashli and I spend a lot of time together (we eat together and stuff) but she's already separating form me a little bit. At least we're going to the football game together. I'm looking forward to the game. I miss football. I never eallly appreciated it until I played powder puff last year. I somehow always feel like I'm overlooked because I'm quiet. At lest I hope it's because I'm quiet, and not just because I'm easy to overlook. I'm the youngest in my family, and whenever my older brother would be talking to my mom, she would always listen to him and ignore me, no matter what I was saying, until he left the room. Honestly, they thought because I am younger that whatever I say can't possible be as important as what he's saying. I could be telling her the house is one fire while he was telling her how he drove to town, and she wouldn't listen. Don't get me wrong, she has always been a great mom, but that has always bothered me, maybe more than it shoyuld. I don't really believe in those horoscope things, but sometimes when I have read them (at the end of theday) some eerie things ahave been true. Anyway, I read one of them on the ocmptuer. First of all, I have never been a "typical" sagittarius, like the magazines and articles say. They say they're all outgoing, and at times I am painfully shy nad introverted. Well, the one I read on the computer said the way to most hurt my feelings was to ignore me. And, that's true. If one of my friends is a total asshole to me, I will usual forgive them if they will just pay some attentin to me. I don't' think I have too many people in my life that I can count on, and that's really what I need most. I don't know if there's anyway I can fix that, but it's been a long 18 years. This probalby sounds like I'm a manic depressive, but before you call the authorities, let me assure you I'm not. I just don't have very high self esteem at times, and I often feel like I'm all alone in the world. I ahve a fear that I'll never find anyone to love me (like a husband). I don't see how someof  these other people manage to meet tons of guys, while I'm always alone. And most of those girls don't even appreciate them, and I know I would. Maybe it's back to the shyness thing. I really don't know, but I wish whoever did wuold tell me. I don't know what I want to do with my life. I was hoping my classes this smester would help, but I don't know. Part of me wants to go into business, but by the time I get accepted into the business school, I may change my mind again. I'm in the natural sciences thing as an undeclared pre-med right now, but who knows howl ong that will last?  I'm not lazy, but it takes me a hwile to get readjusted into going back to school. And even though I was in two ap classes my senior year and I graduated valedictorian by a long shot, I never had to work TOO hard in school. This stuff just came naturally to me. 


It was very frustrating to get on to the web site. However, the weekends are fun. I get to see my friends that are not at this school. This weekend I went home to see one of my friends who signed with the Kansas City Royals. I also got to see two of my best friends that are guys. One goes to TCU and the other goes to Tomball Community college. He was supposed to go to Georgia to swim, but two days before school started, he called, and they told him that his spot on the team was gone. Now he is writing other colleges and the Yale coach called him. If he does not swim, he will probably come here next semester. I also got to see my boyfriend. He goes to Baylor. He was my best friend first and now we are together. It is great. However, I miss him a lot. He is the sweetest guy I know. Anyway, right now I am borrowing a friends computer because mine doesn't work. It is really a pain. I need to go tomorrow to the computer to have them install my Ethernet card. It is not compatible with my laptop. I am right now in the school of business. However, I am really interested in psychology, and am thinking of changing my major. My dad thinks this is a terrible idea. My mom thinks I should do what will make me happy. I guess I need to get as much information as I can about the type of jobs that I can get with a psychology degree and the amount of school I will have to complete. I will also need to see what schools have good psychology departments. I really do not want to go here next year. I want to go somewhere smaller with less freaks. I will probably stay in the state. I will probably go to A&M of Baylor. Oh well, I guess I have a while to decide. 


god I can still remember it. the last time we did that was at our graduation party. one of our friends that night was a real bitch. the party even though their were 4 of us had to have it her way. but she is going to live ion McAllen for the rest of her life and  of course the next time I will see her is when she is taking my fast food order  I am so happy to be here the guys are a big improvement from where I'm am from  tall and cute a real McAllen novelty. oh and the cafeteria guy is the best so far. this Friday I have instillation for apo. I hope I have a good guide. the person I liked left this week my friend still has her guy I had a good time at the football game although I had to relearn all the cheers I had a great time  I finally got my disco ball to work I would love to put on some relaxing music and turn it on  I could really use some me time right now I would love to have more than 10 minutes free at a time and more that twice in one day. of track roommate is here so the topic is toes my feet are retarded the littlest toe kind of curls under good the air just clicked on I really hope to have a good time this weekend I hope their is another party I had a great time this past weekend. the parties were a lot of fun is time up yet god I hate ok don't hate it but dislike it its playing right now and boy does it all sound the same only eight minutes left I wonder how my brother is its his first year in high school he didn't even get any of my teachers,  he never does I hoped they would give him a hard time but no luck I am so tired yawn dinner was good haven't had micky d's in a while I tried not to eat today but finally had to take out the time to eat tomorrow should not be that long of a day I am going to relax and watch TV I need to go to Wal-Mart and get foot things for my shoes yawn I hope someday I get to check my mail soon we still have no either net god two weeks and nothing just trying to make time to do this  is a big problem without a working computer. I hope I get to see the cute guy tomorrow I hope I don't fall asleep in arch and society two more minutes left my poor friend got grabbed by a guy today and I am proud to say she broke 


I don't really know what I should write about. I guess I'm feeling alright. My class was cancelled for today so I had the whole day off. I rented Sling Blade which I liked the movie had people with psychological problems like the guy who is always talking about women he killed and the main character who cuts peoples heads open every once in a while if he feel s it is necessary. The keyboard on the computer sucks since the space bar key keeps on sticking whenever I try to push it down. I am kind of nervous about classes because last semester I screwed up grade wise after keeping an almost 4. 0 GPA for 2 and 1/2 semesters. I have never taken psychology before in high school and I wish I had since it would make the class easier now when I take it. I really can't type continuously for twenty minutes without having a definite subject so I keep having to stop and think of something to type. One of my goals this semester is to stop watching TV so often because that is what I feel screwed me up last semester since I was always staring at the screen either their or while surfing the web. Now I beginning to feel a little grossed out because I was just thinking about our dorm meeting where they told us housekeeping comes in only every other day to clean the bathroom when they used to come every day and it was still pretty dirty now it is going to be even worse. I guess it has been about twenty minutes now I forgot what time I started typing at since I forgot to write it down I thought I would have remembered. So I'm just going to call it a night. 


so far this class seems alright. I means the girls in this class look pretty good. there's this one girl in there, I haven't talked to her yet but I have to because she 's always looking at me. she looks pretty cute, but I can tell she is young. there's this other Hispanic girl  who has real tight curly hair . she looks incredible. shit all the girls in there do well who ever is reading this can probably tell hat I think about sex a lot. its strange because I always find myself daydreaming about having a wife and kids, you know having a real family. going to visit y folk and other friends with my kids. but it like no how hard I try, after I have sex with a lady, I just lose total respect for them, I just look at there flaws and I only look at the negative. with me, the way I think about a girl is totally different after we engage in hot intense intimacy. some times I don't know if it is just irrational thought processes or what. I know its not normal. but what is normal. normal is what society says is ok. but who is the society, whites blacks Hispanic, the melting pot of the us. or the world. there are so many different cultures and societies that essayist that who is to say that their ways are better then anybody else's. how can you say that is right and that is wrong because society deems it that way. if society is forever changing, are our moral standards to be forever changing as well. well it has been so far in our human history.         times up, nice talking with you 


I am worried about how I can save my $30 until the end of September. I need to buy 2 books and groceries and personal stuff. I am thinking that I need to find a part time job somewhere on-campus very soon. I also feel guilty about not going home to my family over Labor Day. I know I should visit them but every time I spend long periods of time with them ie. days, they really start to piss me off and then I get into a bad mood. So instead of going to visit them over Labor Day I think I am going with some friends to visit some friends in Houston. I miss my friends back home. This school is really big and sometimes I feel all alone. My classes are starting to stress me out, especially my rhetoric and composition class. I cannot write very well so I probably won't do well in that class. I feel like I'm writing in a diary which is wierd because I've never kept a diary contains all my thoughts and feelings. When I was little and had a diary I just wrote what I ate for lunch and who I sat and played with at reces or who I had a crush on. I just found a bobby pin in my hair from last night. That's kind of embarrassing, I hope no one saw it. I'm supposed to keep writing for ten more minutes but I don't really know what else to write. I have to e-mail my mom, cousin and some friends later. I hope my friend doesn't have to go to jail. No one has heard about his trial that was the other day. Maybe I'll call them later on and find out what happenned. I am so hungry. I can't wait for lunch. I son't know why I've been getting cravings for salty foods because usualy I would always look for ice cream, but lately I've had cravings for chex mix, pizza, chips and stuff like that. I hope I filled out the right pre-testing survey for psychology because I saw a button you click on in this web page, but this isn't the one that I went to. I forgot to bring a pencil with me. I wonder what my ex-boyfriend is doing now. I still miss him even though he was a big jerk and I really don't want to get back with him. I think people will always have feelings for their ex'es even long after they've broken up. I miss my sister too. We never really got along until about 3 or 4 months ago. I feel bad about never really being a nice sister. I always teased her and I knew it hurt sometimes. I wrote her a letter before I went to  college. I hope she's read it. I think I've been writing for 20 minutes but I'm not sure so I'll keep writing for two more minutes. hmm. well this kind of makes me feel better to let all of my thoughts out instead of keeping most of them inside my head. 


I think about my mother, my ex-boyfriend in Houston(of whom I'm still in love with) and just things that are going on in my life right now. All of the stressed of being on my own and all this is just really overwhelming. And for some reason during all of this I listen to the most depressing Tori Amos or Sarah McLachlan song. After a good cry I always feel better, I think it's healthy to cry though. I think it's good to deal with things rather than to create something to do and keep yourself busy. Dealing with things, for me, is the best way to get over them. But sometimes I tend to obsess over things rather than just simply dealing with them straight out. I seem to have reverted back to my pre-teen years when I would cry myself to sleep because my mother was no longer with me. My parents got divorced at that time, about when I was 11 years old or so. I remember every night listening to sad music and just crying because I missed her. She and I have one of the best relationships I've ever seen between parent and child. She is my friend not just my mother. But I don't cross boundaries, I respect them wholly and recognize them way in advance. I think some people take advantage of when they are friends with their parental unit, use it to their advantage, I just respect it and cherish it with all my heart. I quote Sarah McLachlan, "And I have the sense, to recognize, that I don't know how to let you go. "  I think that line has described my relationship with my boyfriend for the past year. We've broken up twice but we always seem to end up in each other's lives at some point or another. I guess it's a good thing, he's a wonderful person and a great person for me. But I just don't know if I can do this (be in love with him have a relationship, what have you) with him being in Houston and me here in Austin. I don't know if I want him calling me telling me how much he misses me, and telling me he loves me when he's two hours away. I guess it's not that much of a distance compared to other people's long distance relationships, but I think it takes a certain type of person to be in one of those. I certainly know they're not for me. And from his past experiences with them, all bad, I know he's not too keen on the idea either. I miss him terribly, touching him, smelling him, his humor, his voice, everything. E-mail and phone conversations don't suffice. I just got a new laptop and I wrote my friend this huge letter with like six big paragraphs and I hit this button on accident and it deleted the whole thing. UGH!  I hate this thing, but I really don't I like having it to take to the library. I just need to learn how to do everything and what not to do. I'm not into reading these huge dictionary size manuals on things. They just don't interest me that much. I'm much more of a trial and error person. Except when it comes to math basically because I don't want to sit there for hours trying to figure something out. I want a formula there for in my face. We're doing these circuit things in that class that is all trial and error right now. It's a total bitch. I made three really cool friends in that class. One of my friends Tim I saw at a club the other weekend and remember him from the hallway in which we were both lost together. I wish he were cuter, he's a really nice guy. And I made these two other friends Tracie(same name as my best friend) and Stephanie. They're both really cute, and Tracie seems like she'd be a lot of fun to go out and party with. She was telling me about her cousin's friend who's gay and just moved to new York to go into fashion. Imagine that. but I would love to go to New York. Especially after seeing that movie A Perfect Murder , I mean I know not everyone there has a huge penthouse on Central Park but I would love to just go visit it. I love the whole image of it, it's just very chic for some reason. I would live there if I could get a very high paying position somewhere, but that's the only way I would. it's just too crowded otherwise. 


Many Why's are predominant. Why do I seem to feel unwanted at times?  Why do I seem to feel betrayed at times. Why do I seem to feel like a failure at times? Why do I seem to have lost a yearn for optimism?  Many of these feelings come and go but many do stay implanted in my head. My head is just a constant waterfall. Tons of ideas rushing through mixing at a point which creates pandemonium. My head is a maze which produces many blocks such as this Wall, why when my mother phones me I become bored all of a sudden? I love her dearly and I know that she must be lonely with all her kids off to College. It is because she misses me and because she loves me. Why can't I make that extra effort to make her feel wanted. What can't I give her the same feeling that she makes me feel. Emotions run one-sided in her phone calls. I feel a superfluous feeling of want and she must not feel any. Corrections can be made to this but I just don't try. How can I think that I am determined to do well in college?  How can I feel that I will be persistent and successful in life?  If I can feel determined, persistent, and successful in these things, then why is it that I feel determined, persistent, and successful, right before I speak to my mom in order to make her feel wanted and then I fail. Is this a preview of what is to come in my future, not only with family relations but also with life experiences. Will I continue to think "I can" and will I continue to fail? How can I practice my ways to perfect them. How can I execute my feelings and my hopes. How can I make them come true. How many times do I have to continue to tell myself that this is the way its going to be or that that is the way it is going to be and in the back of my mind I know that it will never be the way that I intend it to be. Does this mean that I am a failure?  What does it mean?  Should it be something to worry about. Will my mother some day get "fed-up" with me. Can this defect ruin my entire life?  Is it a defect?  Why do I think about this stuff? Is it just conscious nature? Why all these Whys I don't know, but what I do know is that there is purpose for everything, and maybe my purpose of life was to wonder why. 


I'm just wondering how everything is going to work out, I mean, how is my relationship going to work out if she's in Cali and I'm in TExas. Well, I guess it shouldn't matter that much cause I should be thinking about school. Damn, this place gives me the creeps. No one that I can really talk to. How is anyone going to survive here. Gosh, I miss my baby. Am I making the right choices here in classes?  Am I making the right choices in my relationship?  I mean, if it doesn't work out, then what am I going to do?  My relationship . man, I'm confused. This place is big. This university is big. How am I going to stand out?  I haven't met any new friends, not very many. My room mate also sucks. I have no money. That's another thing, how am I going to survive financially?  How am I to get enough money to support my college tuition?  Mom and dad can't provide the whole thing and financial aid won't cover it all. How am I to make up the rest of the money?  And if I do get a job, how am I to balance my job and school at the same time. Gee, and how come I keep thinking of my girlfriend?  Damn, everything goes back to her. I can't believe the time I spend thinking of her. This is hopeless. I can't believe I'm even doing this relationship thing. Damn, my head hurts. I hope I'm doing this assignment right. If not, then I'm in trouble. what a way  to start out college. Man, I have a headache. I wonder if I'm dying. Ha, I wonder if I'm dying all the time. I wonder if I make myself sick by thinking about that so much?  I hope I don't get fat. I hope this college thing doesn't' make me fat and I hope that this whole college thing works out. I don't want to waste anymore of my parent's money. I don't even know what I'm doing here in college. I don't know what I want to be, what I want to do, or how the future's going to be like. Maybe I'm scaring myself. I think about this stuff too much when I should be out doing something about it. I feel so lazy and so useless. So insignificant. Is this what the real world going to be like?  Am I going to be another insignificant person?  Gosh, my head hurts. Everyone in this room looks dead. Everyone looks like they've been drained of their energy. Man, it's been only 14 minutes and I am writing a bunch of crap. Ha, I guess this is stream of conscience writing huh?  I guess it means to just talk to yourself. How come I don't see any familiar faces?  No one here is a familiar face to me. I thought I knew a lot of people but damn, I know no one. I hope things get better. I don't think I can stand much more of this. I want to go home for a while. Jester's food is getting old and I miss my parents. I just miss having nothing to do. Maybe I'm just lazy, I don't know. I can't keep thinking like this. I'm not lazy. Think positive buddy. Ha, I'm talking to myself again. I wonder what the professor's going to think about this paper?  Oh well, out of 500 some odd students in a class, I don't' think anyone's going to get to this paper. See what I mean?  InsignificantF!!!  Why so pessimistic Hai?  Damn, what happened to the old you?  I guess things change huh?  I guess things are never going to be the same. Didn't you say you wanted to go to college to get away from it all?  Didn't you say that you wanted to start over?  HEre's your chance buddy. Take the risk. BE yourself. Meet people. Make yourself a significant part of something. Don't just dissapear. oh, times up. 


email is such a pain I cannot anxwer them fast enough I like it because I cantalk to people theat I miss I really miss my brother the wedding is really soon weell so is my birtheday I wissh they did not paln it on my bitthday Nineteen is a boring birthday your not in your twenties andyou do not get any new "privledges"  my mind went blank it is much easier to think when you are not rying thid desk is very uncomfortable like the bed in my dorem well it is alright it is just not very comfrotable I have som much stuuff to do and I am trying not to get bogged down sbut I do not want to gho crazy studying for somw reason I cannot help but hit the back space button I have never been a very good typer maybe if I would just stop llooking at the screen ti would all flow I really widh I was at homw going to my old dance studio  taking classed insteda of typing on a computer I really miss dance more then anything wlde at home excluding my familyt and my dog I went home for Labor day and I thienk she was the most excited to see me My mom had just come back from New YUork and she brought my brides maid dress home with her it is way too big but they always are I am really not  worried about it because I know my mom will make sure that it looks great the color is a beautiful plum If only I were getting married it is notlike I am in a big hurry I do not eben have a boyfriend but that is beside the pooint with a mom as a wedding photographer my whoke life swhe has been talking about my wedding how perfect it wii be I could care leess about the wedding I just waqnt the perfect groom I have met agew nice guys herte and seen a lot of really cute ones I never get the courage to talk to them I meand the first few days of chool every body could talk to every body now if you approach someeboudy it seems you are going out of your way I guess everybody is just getting cc omfortabe finding a nitch My best f4riend my roomate is leaviing UT ath the semester she has been one thing I could count on for the last four youars and now she is leaving and theat really scares me I want her to prusue her dreams and be happy bust she is returing to our home town I can never go back I mean not while I am in college As much as I want to I know it is better for me here I like Austin and quite a few of the peiople who live here I am getting me nitch my comforty zone I think sometimes it is bad to get too settled it inhibits your grouwth as a person because there I go again hitting the backspace button when I was in seventh grade muy right hand was ran over by a go cart It took the sking off three fingers and permanetly injured one and kind of a halj well needless to say that affects  my typing abiliteis I have bad finger dexterotu not to mention I am a perfectiont so seeing a typo on the computer really bothers me I am just not liiking now  three minutes over the twenty minutel limit I could go on for days but I am in an uncomfortable chair and I just realized I forgot to feed my fish  


Well, the writing assignment, its 11:50 right now, and I have to write a writing assignment for my psychology class which I absolutely do not see a point in writing this paper. I'm extremely tired from working out and playing basketball, and my stomache is very empty as of now. A few chocholate chip cookies with milk would be nice. Hey, this PCL is full of asians, and right in front of me is My friend Michael's sister, Sorry, I had to pause for a few second to stop and to talk with them. They're pretty cool, she thinks that I talk too loud. well screw her. I wonder if we could use inappropriate languages in this assignment, because my stream of consciousness is one thats pretty dirty and filled with foul language. I better not cuss. Its 12:00, and its very interesting that my brains could only output 10 lines of useless junk in 10 minutes. I feel like that I'm not using my brain to its full potential. Or Maybe I'm just a very slow typer. Damn, my wrist hurts, I'm so glad that I only have 2 classes tomorrow. Intro to western music is such a crappy class. I thought it was suppose to be a blow off but its not, and its pissing the living (explisive) out of me. I'm tone deaf, I'm dumb as hell when it comes down to music, and I'm plain retarded when I have to distinguish the difference between a duplet, triplet, or quatriplet. In my opinion, not that it really matters in the bigger scheme of things, but its still best to be aired out, is that music should be enjoyed by an individual, not to be dissected into grammarical structures. The class kinda reminds me of "Dead Poet Society" how the text books actually graphs the meter and accents of the poem. Music, like poetry, suppose to be heard by the heart not interpreted by the brain. When I hear Beathoveen's 5 th symphony, I can't tell the meter and texure of the piece, but all I know is that My heart are soaked with energy that makes the musical experience quite elemertary yet much more enjoyble. I guess I should quit my bitching to that class, since its I, myself who signed up the class without any foreign intervention nor pressure, so who should I blame but myself. I just saw Andrew's friend walking in the liabrary. Why didn't I say hello, just because the way he looks, is he not cool enough. When we went to that frat house last weekend, I feel like that he's such a burdensome tag-along. Yet would some of my other friend feel the same about me??  Its very disturbing, how I'm disgusted by all those people who think they are too cool for certain peeps, yet I fall under the same disgusting catorgory which I loath. It's so confusing, when I heard from Say that He's not coming to the thursdsay mixer, I was some what relieved. relieved of what?? of people not thinking that I'm a cool frat boy, beacause of Richard, but who really cares what those Lambda thinks? or those skanky Katie Phi girls think??? Why do I care so much about what other people think, instead of thinking for myself and doing something that I know is right. It bugs me how I proclaim my self to be a "genuine" nice guy, when I can't even perform the easiest task of bring somebody along with me and having a good time with him. Damn, I'm so freaking superficial and it annoys the heck out of me. "To really discover yourself, before discovering that really special someone"  Right now, I don't think I deserve her. I just hope that she doesn't come right now, and wait for me to mature and evovle into a better person. The loud, oversized vacumm cleaner is distracting my flow of thoughts, and my brain kinda froze for a sec. I think those few clear moments where you're brain is not thinking anything at all, is one of the healthiest state a human can be. Well, as another vacuum cleaner joins the Library noice parade, I shall conclude this essay. I have to admit though, despite my early feelings, this assignment has some enjoybal value to it, and I'm actually kinda glad that I'm given this blank sheet that I can send my thoughts, into the void of carelessness, and its rather refreshing. I bid you farewell. (though I don't know who I'm bidding to)  Its 12:15. 


Right now I am sitting in front of the computer, completing this assignment. I really wish that I had worked on this assignment earlier. I am now starting to worry because I have to finish Calculus homework and read a few pages for Engineering. And I have to finish that one problem that no one can seem to get. It is bugging me that I left that one problem unfinished. It is also bugging me that I left that problem blank and completed the others out of turn. I never thought about that before, but I do get bothered when things aren't completed in the order that they're supposed to be. Weird. I just had an epiphany. It is really weird how you think of things at the strangest time. Whats also weird is how you can sometimes say a word over and over, and if you say it enough times it starts to sound really weird. Like a word you've never heard before. Take before. Before Before Before Before Before Before. see, it starts to sound really foreign. That is really odd. And it works with every word, too. Hmm. thoughts are all scrambled now. Not thinking of much anymore. I used to think of how much I missed home. now it is not so prominent. I don't think of Roshi as much. I still do sometimes. But it comes and goes. I am not going to let myself get trapped like I have before. It is just a vicious cycle. I feel much better this time. I have somehow learned to overcome sadness. I dunno exactly how it happened, but I have learned to overcome and bypass it. It doesn't consume me anymore like it used to. Now that I think about it, I am really starting to wonder how I managed to do that. Inherently, I think that I can get fixated easily;  that right there is a sign that I am bound to get hurt one of these days. And I have. but I have learned. The question is, how?  Hmm. oh well. No matter now. As long as I can do it. That is good enough for me. Maybe its the college atmosphere. Being alone and on my own. In a sense, anyway. I look around my room and realize that I do not miss home. I don't know why. I missa family and friends at time, but I don't MISS them. Its weird. Maybe its because I don't consider myself away from them. Mysha said that this was like a camping trip, and everytime we went home was no different than coming back from a vacation. Hmm. i don't think thats so, but it certainly didn't feel too different on Labor Day. Maybe I need to stay away from home longer. Hmm. that must be it. Mysha got me thinking about Roshi again. Hmm. makes me wonder how easy it is to meet people here. It can't be too hard;  lots of people have already met people. I jsut need to go and try. Steve knows how to do it, but he has nothing to lose, he has a girlfriend at home so he doesn't care much about making a lot of friends. Comes natural to him though. I honestly think that that is the only thing really bugging me here. I feel an immense sense of confidence, all except for that. I am liking the way I am handling things, liking the way I have kinda built back my work ethic, and liking the fact that I can make my own decisions. I am starting to feel better and better about college life. It is great. Except for all the people. There is something srange about the people here, something difficult to finger. A sort of fakeness. Many people are geniune, but there are others which seem unapproachable. People don't act the way I am used to seeing them act in high school. Maybe that is it. Asians don't act like Asians at home, for one thing. Most other people act the same, but the Asians here don't. A little different. a little meaner?  That can't be it though, I really need to meet more and judge. Ugh. i feel like I've just cursed myself for saying that. I really didn't mean that. I am being too cynical I guess. But you can't win them all. I am happy otherwise;  I have met a few good friends, I like the campus, and I am close to home. I feel connected in all aspects. UT was probably one of the best choices I ever made. My Dad thinks so. he told me the other night. I always hated when he judges whats good and bad based on what he thought, but he is right this time. He usually is, I've learned. Almost always. I need to learn to respect that. I'm the one who's usually wrong. Oh well. Better late than never. Time for Calculus. 


My goodness, I have so much stuff to do. Where should I start?  I have to call about volunteering and for sure email Anne to see if they have a Physical Therapy program at her hospital. How will I get this stuff done. I am torn as to whether or not to join a Fraternity. I think I will, I just hope I have time to get my studies done. As well as time to myself. I really need to get my bike back from Maggie's apartment. I'm sure it's getting to be a bit cumbersome there. Sometime tomorrow I have to find a way to get to the mall and buy some clothes. I need 2 ties, a new pair of khaki pants, some dress shoes and other miscellaneous things. I am so glad I changed my class schedule. It will be so much better this way. I am so stressed out about physics. I so hope I at least make a "B" in there. Pray, oh pray. I should make it to the BSM Thursday evening and check that out. I am sure there are some good looking ladies there. I can't believe the Horns lost. What the heck?  To N. c. State. They better come back and win this week against Stanford. Actually we need Ricky back. Another thing is I need to wash my car. It's pitiful!  Definitely get the golf clubs out of my car. Or at least relocate them to a more convienient place. I seriously hope things go well with the Fraternity. I mean that is a lot of $$$. Campus looks nice tonite. I love the tower. I think I like college football way better than pro. It has so much more of an aura to it. The pros don't have any spirit. The college game is where it's at. I wonder where my roomate is. That punk never tells me when he's leaving. I still have to do the pretest. I tried, but it gave me some gateway server error message. I need to make sure and read for History and Government. I hope this Thursday schedule is going to work. I am starting to get a hint of missing my friends, but nothing like I thought it was going to be. Actually pretty good. Oh man, I just got an Instant Message. Oh well, I really need to finish this assignment. I kind of like this. Let's me get my feelings out. I need to find a Church for sure. I haven't been reading my Bible like I should since I got to Austin. I really need to work on that. I wonder what the rest of the year is going to be like. This move from a JUCO college is a bit extreme. Nothing like high school to college, but I went from a college with  5,000, to a college of 50,000. I probably have met 200 people so far. I am so terrible with names. I really need to work on that. My suite mates are being loud. Makes me not want to study. Or at least go elsewhere. I should probably check out the UGL or PCL anyway. I bet I could do a better job there in the first place. So what am I going to do this weekend?  It being Labor Day, I kind of have a choice. I might go to Houston to visit my Sister or might stay and go to the lake with  Richie and Jason. I really miss my folks. Way more than I expected. I hope I get over it soon. I need to email some people and say hi before too much longer. I wonder what my new Physics prof is going to be like?  Good or Bad?  Nice or Unpleasant?  What?  I need to start praying more. Maybe that will help me with my confidence and focus. Whatever happens, I need to call Gina tonite and line everything up for tomorrow night. This class schedule is going to be so much easier!  I love it!  No Friday school!  Three day weekends for a whole semester. I hope my TTH classes aren't too strenuous all together. This is my first time to really balance 3 classes like that. 


Well. hmmm I'm not sure whtat to wirte here to monitor the mind I suppose  ihahve always been fascinated that the mind is the only organ that wants to study its'elf. i am a horrible typer . i'd like to think I'm fast but as what cost of accuracty. uhhhh. this is strange I'm trying to monitor my stream of consciousness but I am so aware of it as I perform this assignment that it does not seam to want to flow. i don't want to write down anything too embarrasing but why should that matter?  I'm in college not high school anymore. Social status amongst my peers really doesn't have any more bearing here. It doesn't matter what people think of me now. I don't have to worry about my appearanc all the time. though I still do. I suppose that's how shallow I am. I have to always know that I am looking good so that way I can feel good about myself. that helps me exude confidence. and that's attractive to women. But I'm not here to get a mate I'm here to get an education a degree so that way  I can be financially secure for the rest of my life but is that what the ultimate goal in life is. I think about this. is the ultimate goal in life to  make money, settle down, and start a family. to break this down means to say that we are to reproduce. buy why?  What is this necessary drive in humans and all creatures to propegate and keep the species going. basic nature to survive sure but then again why??  It seems like there should be other goals and other things to achieve in life. not necessarily to have children. will having children when I am older make me happy. i suppose so. I mean am I exactly like my father as he is exactly like his father before him. after all I'm already on the right track they both went to UT. but as much as I have fought with my dad in the past I think that I have done most everything in my life to please him and make him proud of me. I'm pretty sure that I have done that as he tells me that he is proud of me. i sure saw it in his face the day that I got my acceptance letter. i've never really seen my father cry before. but I think he  almost did when I yelled out that I'm going to be a Longhorn!!  That's something that I will never forget. the look on his face and the look on mom's. It makes me feel good to know that they are proud of me. but I have often wondered whether or not the things that I have accomplished in my life I did for myself or I did for them. i mean I have never regreted getting good grades or being in band and learning to play the trumpet. but did I do it all for myself or did I do it partly because I wanted mom and dad to be proud of me and to not have to be worried about me. hoping I won't turn out like Adam. It's not that my brother is a bad person. it's his mind right. Manic-depressive with bi-polar and narcisstic tendencies. and his refusal to take his medication. why??  I never understood what was so hard about taking his meds. he'd be fine but instead he chose drugs and alcohol. it's so weird I felt so bad like it was something that I could have fixed. something that was a problem that I had the answer to but it just wouldn't come out of my brain. consciously  I know that's not true. but deep down I still wish that there was something that I could have done. to keep him from hurting mom and dad and the rest of the family like he did. i never saw someone breakdown as much as my mother did. but Adam is better now I don't know if he's taking his med. but he. time's up 


It's Sunday and I need to go to church since I didn't go this morning because I woke up at 11:15 and church is at 11:30. So I already took a shower and I'm dressed to go at 8:00 p. m. Right now it's 7:25 and I wish it was about 4 because it seems like the day has just went by and I haven't done very much. That's alright though because I'm listening to my favorite rap music. Trick Daddy Dollars, Ja Rule, DMX, Ice Cube, Hot Boys, Juvenile, Black & Dangerous, K-ROC, Too Short, Twista, and JT Money they seem to make me feel better. Even if I'm feeling down in the dumps a few rap songs seem to bring me back to reality and happiness. Earlier my girlfriend called and we had a serious fight because she gave my roommate a little attitude yesterday when she called. She got mad because I was not here and my roommate didn't know my cell number or my friend's which is where I was at. So I had to lay down the law and tell her not to take out her anger on my roommate. I was mad also because I gave her my cell number the day before but she didn't write it down. So we argued for a while about that then she told me something that her and her friend did that I didn't approve of. So I was instantly angered because I have a short temper to begin with. It was a big deal really but I don't let anything go by even the smallest fuckups. So we started to have any even greater argument than the first one and didn't end on a good note. She decided that she didn't want to talk to me if we were going to argue. I acted like I didn't care so we just ended it there. This worries me because I hate to end it like that but I'm so hardheaded that I won't let anyone know that they're really hurting me. It also hard because I'm here and she's 355 miles away and I can't see her the way I use to. I guess I'm going to have to get use to this and college is a lot different from what I'm use to. The girls wooo some of them are pretty fine and all the people I've never seen so many people in one place at one time. Being from a small town this is a totally different atmosphere that I'm not used to. Hopefully I'll find my place here make the best of it and things will turn out great. I don't want to let college change me in the wrong ways. Whatever happens I'll just try to do my best and do the best I can as things come along. 


Right now at this moment, I am thinking about what I am doing here. This whole college thing is still new to me. My roommate is getting drunk right now with some guys, while I am in here writing this. At least she is meeting people. I wish I could go back in time, and be in high school again. I know that probably sounds stupid and immature,but I had a lot more fun in high school. I had friends all around me, I was popular, I was really close to the cutest guys in our school. Now, I do not know anyone. I am used to going out like everyday, so it is really weird to be actually doing my homework. You know what I really miss?  This guy back in Arlington named Luke. He was a complete ***hole, but I was and still am infatuated with him. I guess it is infatuation. I would like to think I love him, but I know that logically it is not possible for me to love him. He was my first you know. I am one of those Catholic girls, and I never thought I would lose it to some stupid high school boy. But, it happened. I wish that it would have happened, and I would not have had any feelings for him, but I do. He has a girlfriend who is younger than we are, and I am insanely jealous. Why could he establish a relationship with her, and not me. And why is it that he cheats on her with me?  These questions boggle my mind and make me upset. I know I deserve better. I am one of those Catholic, upperclass, spoiled girls. I have everything but what I want. Luke goes to Pepperdine University and is far away, but no one here has even caught my eye. I thought once I went to school, my life would just be incredibly better. Well, it really has not. College is not what I thought it would be. I know it is only like the middle of the third week, so I need to give it time. Freedom is great, though. I like not having to check in with the paternals. What is the great thing about that if I never use that priveledge. I am also thinking about how my psychology class is during a bad time. I mean class is at 3:30 and that is about the time I want to go to my dorm and sleep or just relax. I wish I could change my time, but it is too late now. Oh well. Also, I think that Burdine Hall is the hardest building to get to. I missed class today, because I could not find it. I hope we did not do anything important. I hate Chemistry!  Dr. White goes too fast and does not make sense. I don't know if I can survive that class. It is going to be tough. I am used to sleeping in all my classes, never doing homework, and just getting by. That was high school, this is college. How I miss those good old days. I really do not think I am ready for college. Everybody here is just so smart. I really miss having people who are dumber than I am in classes. Now it seems I am the dummy. The next time I do this, hopefully I will be in a better mood. My twenty minutes are almost up, and I have ran out of things to say. I hope this was interesting and different from all the other assignments that you have recieved. Bye for now. 


um I have never done this before. I guess I will think about my day today. I  went shopping with  friend. We went to a little store called oat willies it is  kind of a "subculture" store. it has been around for a long time. they sell all  kinds of hippy novelties- pipes, inscense, books about drugs, and probably drugs  too if you know the right people. anyways my friend bought some sunglasses then  as we were walking back a friend from highschool came running out of baskin  robbins to say hi. I don't know her very well but she seems really nice. then we  went into this vintage clothes store. they had a lot of really soft comfortable  looking t-shirts. We both tried on a couple. then the guy that worked there  accused us of stealing a shirt which was really weird cause niether of us really  had anything that we could have hidden a shirt in. he found this hanger on the  rack that didn't have a shirt on it so I guess one of his shirts was missing and  I feel bad for him but it was still kind of insulting to be wrongly accused. Oh  well no big deal for me I guess. so I bought one t-shirt for three dollars and  we left. maybe his lost shirt will turn up somewhere. next we went to another  little store that sells interesting odds and ends. Myfriend ended up buying a  bag that she really liked from nepal it was pretty cheap. then we went back to  her dorm room and hung out with her suite mates while we decorated her room. ok  I think it has been about 20 minutes I hope whoever has to read th 


The computer that I am on is not very good, so oi hope that it doesn't kick me off, because it would really suck to have to do this all over again. I don't reallly understand how writing my miscellaneous thoughts will help me to learn about psychology. I do see how it can help others study my psychology, but what do my thoughts have to do with a class on introdutory psychology. This last few days I have really missed my girlfriend, seeing as how she is still at home, finishing her senior year. But thankfully I get to go home in 8 days and will hopefully get to see her for an entire saturday. I love her more and more every day which leads me to the conclusion that absence does make the heart grow fonder! I got a job as a houskeeper in the union on the weekends from three to midnight. The sorry thing is that I won't get to see any football games and also my dad is coming to visit me this weeekend, and won't get to see me untill monday because of my job. the good thing about my job is that I really won't have a chance to party. I have been sober for a year now and would lie to keep it that way, and my job will hopefully keep me away fromthe parties. I have given up drugs, cigarettes, and alchohol which leaves me with only reforming my dirty mouth. The way in which I plan to do this is by wearing a rubber band around my wrist and popping myself everytime I cuss. I also let the people around me know about this so that they can inform me of the times that I cass without my knowing it. College life has been pretty good to me so far, but my cousin is not responding nearly as well as I am. I have heard that she calls hrying everynight to her house. But I think that it is because of the fact that her parents, particularly her mother have done everything for her and always spoken for her the entirety of her life. Now that she is own her own, she doesn's know what to do with herself. I feel sorry for her sometimes, bt other times I think that it is about time she learned what life outside her family is like. I do hope that things get bette for her. and that things stay good for me 


I keep thinking about the future and how my life will alter during and after college. I wonder how my grades will be after the first term. I hope I can make my parents proud. I don't want my parents to view me as a failure and a screw up I want them to be proud. I want to be accepted by everyone I meet. I want to succed in life. I wonder how my math test will be tomorrow. I just wish that society didn't view people on how much money they make I wish I could go to a place where everyone was the same and there was nothing to worry about maybe the place I'm thinking about is eternal utopia or heaven. I wonder if there is a heaven what happens after death where do we go. do we ever see the "creator" what is the creator is it god or did we evolve through evolution of mico o                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   


Right now I am thinking that college is pretty tough. I am constantly questioning my ability to do well in college. I want to make my parents proud yet I also want have a good time. I like to party a lot a little too much probaly. I just want to know how much partying is too much. I like to do what makes me feel good and school work does not make me feel good. In fact it stresses me out severely. I wish the world was a little simplier. I wonder if the way our soceighty is good or not. Successful human beings work their asses off to achieve a good living. Is that the way god wanted it or should we live a relaxed life with lots of fun. For me that would be partying spending time on the lake and going hunting and fishing. Is good for humans to work hard and stress there entire life. Maybe stress is the cause of fatal disease like cancer. It seems the more we evolve the more we work and stress things maybe this is leading us into different illnesses. I don't know I don't think one man does know. We could be completly on the wrong track or we could be evolving better than what anybody thought we could. I want finish school and be a successful human being but I would like to know if this is the right thing to be doing. All the human race would say definatly yes but what if we should be living amore relaxed less stressful and more fun life. Doing what makes each person feels good could be the answer. Life just seems funny because people are not robots they could do whatever they want but we choose to go to college and try to be successful. Maybe people just go through all the trouble to make money someday but if you think about it money is created by humans and if every wanted it they could just give it to everyone. All of this might not seem logical but I am human and these are some of the thoughts that go through my head. I going to listen to myself to and not be something I'm not. I want to succeed and make everyone proud but also I am going to have a lot of fun!! 


why am I so stressed out is it school or is it what is going on in my life, I have no clue. Its probably becasue I'm a freshman or is it because I just don't know what I'm am doing in this school, it's too hard. I don't know how to work the computer system, I have tons of homework, and its all catching up to me at the same time, it's unreal. I'm so bogged down with work and I have so much stuff to do but I'm sitting here typing on my computer on something that I don't know will even get sent to you. My friends are talking to me while I'm trying to write this assignment, and I can't' make my mind focus on on certain thing at all, the music is too loud and I have people trying to talk to me over the internet. these blinking lights are pissing me off I wish these people would shut up and let me tend to my business at hand. I need to read, do my pre cal and I just don't have the time. I don't know how to do my physical science lab, and reading just takes too muck time. I have a date tonight,  I don't have time to take them out, but I have to or that wouldn't be nice, I'm going through rush and that takes up more time than anything. I can't' deal with this anymore. I'ts starting to drive me crazy , but hopefully soon I will get used to it. Its such a change from senior year to freshman year of college. you go from doing nothing basically to have to read every night and do all sorts of written assignment, it's impossible twenty minutes is up got to run 


I don't like computers really,  they are kind of a pain in the arse, but things are getting better, you know,  people learning new things, new methods of compression and technology makes you stop and thinks when is a computer going to be too fast. . my parents are okay too I guess they just aren't in the "loop:" as one might say,  always having to show them how or bring them up to date and shite, but . . school's fun, math is not okay. Ani difranco is awesome I'd love to meet one day. lot's of people listen to her, why should I be the only one to get to meet her?  carl thinks he can play bass, but he can. why?  why does jimmy stink?  why do people love anime so much?  ani is a hottie. often in class I find my self fantizing about what is would be like to meet her. just hang out with her and stuff. be all buddy buddy, get a fone call everyonce and a while and just see hwo things are going down. making sure she okay, even tho she's married,  I don't' think it will last, she's too free and out will mr. difranco is never around always at home,  I think it's first love syndrome. oh well. patty is awesome,  she's soo cute and so funny, and just awesome in everyway, she's not that much younger than me either,  she's very smart, and did I mention cute?  wish I knew what exactly she thought of me,  wouldn't I be wierd if who if anyone ever is reading this comes up to me in class and starts commenting on what I wrote?  that would be too freaky, this college is kinda stupid. first of all I'm not 18 yet so they won't let me get the fancy shmancy email account yet the other day they let me get a 2000 dollar loan which I have to pay off in 3 months or they sue me . . wacky oif you ask me, but then again who is?  this campus is so huge no one knows anyone around here, none of the professors, none of the students,  you smile at someone and immediately your somesort of wack job walking down the street stoopid people keep bothering me, don't they know I'm trying to write?   bno respect I tell you, none from no body not my parents, not my stoopid facking roommate who thinks he's my father,  him and his girlfriend I tell yoiu, first of all they are not very pretty people to begin with and then they are always here having sex and dammit it get annoying,  always trying to include us. not leaving alone when I don't want to ber apart of the picture. always is it okay if I don't this or we're goint to have sex now don't oing tin to the bed room I don't' car ego and getr phreaky don't tell me about it. ican't ccare less,  I just bugs the hell out of me when they decide, "well jason is feeling left out of our circle of love lets include him"  and I don't want to have any thing to do with them and when they are togheter it's fucking discussing. they act like fuckingh middle schoolers. always hopping and bopping about acting all like "I love you" I love yout oo let's have babies. holding hands and licking lips . never a moments rest of it,  it's enought to make you want to grab the rifle and end it one way or another. dammit . and carl always talking about how big his phallus is. I mean it's okay every once and a while. like on vacation and stuff. but every five minutes?  him I can tolerate,  go figure. ben used to be cool now he's just a useless pain in the arse. justin is pretty cool, but he's always going on about how everyone's gay and they should be proud of it. I mean it okay but when he tries to convince mne that all I know is gay everytime I see him it gets fucking annoyimg,  maybe I get annoyed to easil, not really things don't tend to annoy me,  just stoopid peole. people who don't know when to stop being stoopidn and take stoff as their own and well start being just there. I wish scarlett was here sute she did some questionable things but she was really cool about evertyhing I can't fart but carl can like the dickens pikachu, polemon is funny , tell you when they ge to talking and stuff it can make your day,  everything just falls in to place and you think to your self you know at least my vocabulary issn't just my name that would proabably suck. just jas ja jja jaosn on on jaos jaoson jaosn would get too annoy anyone eventually. what about people named al tnow that would suck for them. a a a a a all al al llll l l al al dman now speech for them. ca ca ca ca rl rl carl car lr rl rl it's pika chu dalkt  and would about those foregin peole. to summ it all up  I hat my life 


I'm stressed out about my Calculus class I don't know if I'm going to be able to finish all the homework and be able to get an A in the class. I really want to make an A because that would increase my prospects at getting a good first job, of course that would only be good for a first job. I really don't like my job at HEB it is really annoying, all people seem to be in a bad mood all the time and I don't find it that enjoyable. If I were somehow rewarded with more money I think it might be managable however, because I can't seem to get a raise out of them I'm going to look for another job. I hope my typing doesn't wake up my roomate my girlfriend is really distressed about our relationship I guess I'll have to write her an e-mail and make things better between us. How I would describe love right now, I've always thought that you had different degrees of love throughout your life, I would say that I love her however. i really hope my roommate is a deeper sleeper than I think he is because I know I would be annoyed if he were typing where I could hear it. Tommorrow I have to go get my Economics book in the morning and read part of that, college seems so stressful, I don't know if I'm going to be able to budget my time. The bookstores rip you off you pay all that money for books and then they buy them back cheaply and then sell them for the same price that you bought them for. That might be a good way to make some money buy opening a bookstore. My dad was telling me how having a low overhead would produce a lot of profits for something on the internet. I had better be quiet so my roomate doesn't hear me, but the noises in the hall are louder but not constent. He has too wake up at 7:00 in the morning to go to class. I don't know how well we are getting along, I guess he is an ok roommate but I wanted him to be a little more outgoing. I guess I'm going to have to meet people on my own which I'm not all that good at but I guess I'll have to try. I need to find out what my rights are in this room and if I'm able to type till just 12:00 or if I can type and make noise till one. I'm willing to try and make it as comfortable for him as I can because I want to fit in with him, but I don't know if I should draw any lines or not. I have all this homework and I don't know what to do about my time management. He just got up was it my fault or did he get up on his own, I don't want to intrude on his space but where does mine come in. I really like my computer it has everything I want it to have, but the company I ordered my graphics card for went out of business where am I going to get another graphics card. I wonder what else I'm going to have to do for homework, I hope it will be easy. I want to graduate early but can I do it or am I going to have to go all four years, if I graduate early I might have some money left for a car, I would really like a corvette but the insurance on them is so expensive especially until I'm 25. I don't know if I can handle doing all this stuff and do my homework as well, with my girlfriend and friends and still have time to work on the weekends time is suck a valuable asset. what else do I have to do. 


Mostly I'm reeling in amazement at how complicated looking a Vitamin B-12 molecule is. That goofy larry wall and his themed state of the onion adresses. heh. Doh. keep writing. I suppose turning off the TV and ignoring IRC for a while would be a good idea. Twenty minutes eh. that's a long time. I suppose I ought to mark the start time. 20:30 will do nicely. Dootdedoo. Wellk look at that, jam's brain goes blank, remembers the TV, backtracks to Berlyn's debut in World Championship Wrestling and thinks how pathetic it was. Alex Wright is such an idiot. Oooh. I'll fight buff bagwell. moron. Bagwell is a face. HE'll kick your (bleep) into the next country. (The vodoscriber upon which this was composed, the browser into which it was copied, the web server which processed the request, and the routers involved in the communication are all members of the machine purity league wihch has as one of it's bylaws: "No machine shall reproduce obscenities or lewdness in any way other than (bleep), even if pounded upon. This is to protect biotics from themselvels. "  All hail L. Ron Hubbard. )  I suppose it was inevitable that I'd think of school. My use of (bleep) led to that rather long parenthetical outbusrt, which in turn made me think of his mighty authorliness Mr. Hubbard, which in turn caused me to spontaneously recall several large words and what I did for an hour or three today. I do find it slightly amusing that in 3 out of my 4 classes today, a laptop and a puter-screen projector appeared. It's such a pity they all had crappy operating systems on them. Although the PSY one was the worst. Windows. How sickening. I can't stand that feited piece of monkey (bleep). How the unholy hell can anyone consider paying for something so unbelieveably substandard?  If you buy a car and it spontaneously explodes in the middle of the road, you go get your bloody money back. If Windows explodes in a massive BSOD fireball, you just dutifully push reset. And NO, I am NOT a moc user. In fact, I find macos insulting. uh oh. flexy lexy, lex luger is coming back with his hulk hogan is a jackass proof. I bet its true. hogan has done this sort of thing before. he is a heel. he has to pay marvel (I think) for using the old red and yellow, so chances are it won't last. You know, I hope I'm doing this properly. No I don't. I don't care. It's simply do-and-get-credit. Lalalalla. lex has a picture apparently. Oooh. no pleasure in what you do. pity you sound like an idiot. The stinger coming out. joy. I like his entrance music. It's nifty. Sorta ominus and stuff. I liked sting better when he wore a trenchcoat, carried a baseball bat and descended from the ceiling. Pity those columbine dicks had to go and ruin the trenchcoat thing, and then the late, great, owen hart's descent into a ring post stopped the rafters stuff. I keep forgetting sting gets a title shot later this month. Damnit lex, get to the bloody point. I don't want to hear this crap. Irrefutable proof. Pfft. Scam artist. that's a good one. Did you think that up yourself?GET TO THE POINT YOU NADEATER. Jesus. you are so annoyng. Hogan rammed Nash with the hummer. what the hell. oh that's so conclusive. Of course hogan drive's a hummer. That's such bs. you queer bastard. You better pheer hogan's wrath. Doh. keep writing. Uhh. write write rite. Er. type type type. I'm not sure what the hell to type. Let's pop the fingers and otherwise kill some time waiting for something to come to mind. take a drink, piss o. er. no. Why did DDP just suckerpunch hogan. that's so queer. Damnit I hate it when they do that. What the hell just happened?  Is hogan evil?  Is lex joining DDP?  Is sting believing this (bleep)?  Will gris ruin heller?  Heh. I bet that last one stumped you. Well, it would if you a) were reading this and b) had the same schema as me. Gris is the main character from. hmm. am I supposed to be doing this like this?  Let's read the question again. Oh now that'd piss me off. netscape I swear to all deities, gods, elements, and prophets that ever were, are or ever will be, fact or fiction, that if you crash after me typing all of this, I will personally rip you byte from byte and eat your mother's soul. Do you understand?  TNhat's good. E>RRRRRRRRRRR. the best show on television. Not quite, but a damn fine show none-the-less. nonetheless has no hy---(BLEEPING) BIBLE COMMERCIAL. there is no bloody god, and if there is I still wouldn't care. If he's going to drop me into the fire just because I don't give a shit about him then he isn't the loving bloody god that ppl say he is and he should be shot, hung, burned, kicked in the nuts and then REALLY hurt. Oooh. scantily clad females. there goes my id again. I bet I could get ted to help me with my psych homework. maybe he knows some good stuff to do that research paper on, because there is no way in Zark that I'm going to do that bloody experimentation stuff. Not only can I not stand people, I can't stand speaking to them, or doing the stuff they tell me, so the entire theory of experimenting on me is . well it just doesn't work. I find the whole idea so repulsive that I'd wrather wriiteaotnseuhsatnoheusnaoheu. rather write a 5 page is it? research paper than do that. What a lazy (bleepard) I am. Oh look. time's getting close to up. if it didn't require my stopping I'd go make one of these clocks show me the seconds. pity, that. Wait wait wait. wait wait wait. heh. At the third tone the time will me 205000. beep beep BEEP. L. Ron Hubbard probably owns the copyright on Gris and all the other mission earth stuff, even if he is dead. And his worship himself DNA, Douglas Adams definately, unless he's a complete moron, owns the trademark/copyright on the number 42. 


well I guess I begin. anyway, I don't really have a clue as to what I'm thinking or feeling at the moment actually. I'm hoping that the psychology computer gets this even though I'm not saving it in word processor but whatever. I had a good day today well I guess. I went to mason's funeral. things just. well. I can't really place how I feel about that. well I'm upset, but can't place exactly why. but I don't feel like talking about this. I'm interested in the weirdness and indecisiveness of my mind. my husband just walked over here to check out what I'm writing. he only had to read the first few sentences to figure out exactly or should I say how inexactly my mind works. now, why does it work like that? your guess is as good as mine. but whatever. I wish I had a game of some sort. maybe just a pet to play with. I love my husband very very much anyway my friend reggie used to write sort of like this in a metaphorical way. anyway. I feel like I'm throwing off the experiment by writing stupid shit. perhaps in another place another time will unfold to a utopia that sings the praise of wrath in a time where pain is nonexistent but perhaps that makes no sense. but anyway I guess I'll keep on typing what pops into this head of mine or theirs or his or hers. from laura's box or my box. I hope lisa gets my time card I'm pretty sure I turned it in but I can never really be sure of anything. now can I? so I'll continue about the unicorns of relentlessness and the dwarfs of forgetfulness while I sing. la. la. la. but to be exact well my mind seems to be shutting down. I don't have thoughts all the time like most people. the only person I've met who doesn't either is my mom wait but maybe I have thoughts that are just on hold or don't ever quite make it to where my interpreters can interpret my interpretations of the world around me. but anyway I believe in god I believe in nothing also. but how can that be. it's a "metaphysical can of worms" that we've just opened up now isn't it no I'm not. it hasn't been twenty minutes yet yep that's right. sorry to burst your bubble but that's what I want to do anyway I happen to be learning quite a bit about myself at this point. in fact this is rather therapeutic. what would he write if he had to write for twenty minutes I think that these should be anonymously posted so that I can feel better knowing that someone is just as nutty as I am. or even that I'm not ridiculous. anyway I doesn't. blah blah so  


Just got home in Houston. It's a 2 and a half hour drive. Thought everything is just going to be fine when suddenly a lady who pulled her car behind me bumped into the back bumper of my car. I pulled to the side and got out of the car. She got out too and I looked at my bumper just a few scratches. I let her go. I am in a hurry! I have a doctors appointment at 4pm and there is no time to waste not to mention this writing assignment is due at 5pm. there goes my afternoon! This is been a busy week and a depressing one. I knew I was going to see Jenn at the CSA meeting but somehow I knew even though I didn't want to see her. I still ended up saying hi to her. What is wrong with me!?!?! I should have just skipped it. I should have also not forced Rona to go into the CSA meeting room. I think she got a little mad at me. I didn't really care. She said she saw Henry and she doesn't want to go in there and let him see her. She is afraid that he would say something to Shawn or Eugene or those dumb losers. Even though they were my high school friends, I still think Shawn has changed. Well people change. What can I say? I changed for the worst. Does anyone change for the best???? Sometimes I wish I would have made some choices that are good and the outcome would be better. But I end up making the bad ones that I am regretting. Oh well. my friend Chris is messaging me again on I'M maybe it's time to go. Mom is coughing I hope she is ok. She said she is sick because of the car accident. I wonder how bad it was. It was my fault. I shouldn't have left so early that afternoon so they had to take my brother back to Austin. You see another bad choice of mine. What can I say!?!?!. I am speechless really want to change radically. Stop smoking stop procrastinating daydreaming live for the present??? 


I am not only extremely exhausted but I am beyond frustrated. I wrote this once before and my computer crashed it is no longer working and I was bout to pick it up and throw it out the window. This means that I really need a laptop or any new computer. I really want a laptop. Actually I would be content with a computer that will not shut down, freeze up and otherwise suck every 10 minutes. I am happy to be at ut this year. I am glad that I get to be near my girlfriend, we lived 4 hours apart last year, and its nice to see her everyday. I am on her computer right now, and it's too early to be doing this. I can't function. The past 2 days I was working my ass off to get this paper written for my freshman seminar and I got like 6 hours of sleep in those 2 days. That would have been fine if I got 3 each day, but I got one hour the first night, and five the next. Five isn't enough to overcome 1, and then last night after my extreme frustration with my computer not cooperating I went to sleep around 1:30 and then woke up at 9. That's still not enough. I need to get like 12 hours of sleep tonight; I would feel so much better. Well I am getting really bored doing this but I am keeping to the instructions, which for some unknown reason, were repeated over 13 times on the website. I mean I get the idea, I write what I think. You do not need to tell it to me, changing the order of the subject/object 13 times. Believe it or not saying the same thing, using the same words, but in a different order is not the same thing as explaining squat. I'm no expert, nor am I writer really. Actually my writing stinks. But I guess I expected more. College is a lot different from high school, but it certainly has its similarities. For example, my professor in my calc class is a really nice guy, but speaks very little English and has a heavy accent. Kids try and run over him, and it pisses me off. There enough problems with understanding him without him having to deal with people who refuse to listen to him. He knows his math and all. But still Anyway I am bored doing assignment, especially because I have don't it once before. OK I'm about to pass out. Someone needs to wake me up or something. Why can't I stay awake? Oh well im. I am a very slow typist. I wish I could type faster. But I am now finished with the minimum of 20 minutes and I will proceed to turn this in. I guess I'm allowed to stop writing what I'm thinking but I can't do it. Bye. 


I don't really want to go to my BA101 class today. Sleep sounds so good right now. I don't think I have enough energy to sit through another hour and half class, since this morning I sat through three of them in a row. Oh yeah I better remember to call Sheetal so we can go study at the PCL or FAC. I don't know if I want to study with a whole group of people but maybe I'll give it a try. This is so cool. Getting graded on a writing assignment that is of our thoughts and feelings. Reminds me of my summer English 1301 class that I took where we had to write journals everyday and as long as we did them and turned them in it was ok. It is sooo freaking hot outside. And I am so tired, mainly because of the heat. Hmmm. I wonder if Nancy has called. I feel so bad for her. Anyways, that is kind of depressing just thinking about it. I feel so stressed out. These first three weeks at UT has been busy. Not with work and stuff but with things like getting everything together and making sure that I have insurance, my checking account is correct and other important things. I miss the home food so much! But I'll live, it's not too bad over here. I haven't seen any guys here. Hahah! Well I have but I don't think I will end up dating any right now. My hands are getting so tired right now. I really feel like sleeping. I think after BA101 I will go to eat at Kinsolving and then head to the library or something. These labs and libraries on campus are so good. They have everything and you can use them whenever. Stephanie should be coming next Thursday to that Career Day thing so hopefully I'll see her. I am so confused on what to go into, like majors and stuff. I'm thinking about MIS but marketing sounds so good right now. Like I'm more interested in that kind of stuff and things that I really would enjoy doing. I know it doesn't have a lot of money or anything, but that is not what is important really to me. I mean yeah I want to earn a good living but that's not my main goal in life to be rich more like be happy. So I don't know. Just a confused freshman I guess!. Maybe I'll find out pretty soon. Man this time is going by so slowly. I've only been writing for ten minutes. Just realized how many thoughts flow through my mind in such small amount of time. Man I hope I get a chance to do a project because I do not want to write a paper. That sounds too boring. Being a part of an experiment sounds so cool, never really done that before. Ok I wish I had my headphones, too like the girl next to me. I need to listen to some music. I wonder if we are all going to go out this Thursday night to sixth street. I kind of want to. I feel so bad for Sarika, cause of her roommate. She is kind of mean, actually she is very rude and catches an attitude with every little thing. Even if she does not know you, she'll be so rude. Dang girl. Hahah. Ok well I need to find where my BA101 class is so I will be going now. So much for this writing assignment! I think my twenty minutes are up. Well actually they are almost up. But it said at least. Oh well I guess I'll go anyway. 


I am thinking about the video game I just tried to order over the phone. It angers me that it is sold out. I am now thinking about this assignment. It comes to me that I would very much like to make a superb grade in all my classes. I think that perhaps I shall if I apply myself. I am glad to think that I can do well in school. My thoughts now focus around a girl in my philosophy class who has the cutest face I think I've ever seen. I am trying to figure out a way to talk to her. I think it will have to be classrelated. There are two other girls in that class that I think are attractive. The class itself is very fun as well. I have a lot of work to do this weekend. I suppose I should get straight to it when I get home from class today. Damn, I have to work out. I used to dislike working out because of the physical discomfort, but now it's merely an issue of time. Time is the one commodity I am exceedingly greedy with. I am now thinking about how to best manage my time this weekend. I am more or less caught up in this psychology class; I now have more time to work on the others. I think I will get caught up on reading in English, and then turn in my paper. I paused for a moment there in my writing. I was thinking about what it was I was going to do today in the gym. I realized it was leg day. Leg day is excruciating, but short. Oh well, I will live. My thoughts wander back to women. I would very much like to get better acquainted with all kinds of women on a casual level. I need to expand my pool of female friends. Even as we speak, a plan of action comes to mind. School makes it easy to meet new people. I simply have to turn off my shyness. I paused AGAIN in my writing. I was thinking about the study section in computer science I was about to go to today. The TA in that study section speaks very poor English. I will go because I understand the code he puts on the board enough that I am well ahead of his thinking during that hour. The other students are not so fortunate. I figure that they'll survive. The class is a breeze. It is not very challenging, unfortunately, but I am learning a bit. "Easy Learning I call it. " Ack, the image of a naked female just popped into my head out of nowhere. Why did that happen? Sometimes chaotic thoughts pop out of nowhere for me. At any rate, I am now thinking about what I should eat before class. Cereal. When in doubt, you cannot go wrong with cereal. Hmm, still struggling to get that nude image out of my head. I don't need distractions right now. I need a clear, controlled mind. I am thinking of how much I have in my bank account and how I will manage my finances this month. I am somewhat poor. This will change when I graduate, but for the meantime. poverty. I'd like to think that I can be rich one day. I can see myself driving nice cars, living in a nice place, and wearing nice clothes. I can see myself managing my own time, and I can see myself being satisfied as far as that goes. Money isn't so important to me, but freedom of time is, and the only way I can see myself having free time is being wealthy. Oh well. C'est la Vie. It seems my time is about up, but my closing thoughts dwell on responsibility and what it is I plan to do in school. 


College isn't exactly as I had always pictured it. Of course I've always had and imaginative mind and nothing ever turns out the way I picture it. I think I'm slowly beginning to adjust, however. At the beginning I was miserable. I felt like I didn't have any friends and would never make new ones. Now I seem to have connected better with the people here from my hometown and even have a few acquaintances but it's not everything I want. I had hoped to find new friends immediately which I knew deep down wouldn't happen. It takes time, but still. A bunch of my friends including my boyfriend are coming to Austin this weekend for a visit. I don't really know how I feel about that. In a way I'm relieved because now I don't have to worry about sitting at my dorm all night, but these were also people I had wanted to get away from. They're all great people and I love them but I feel like when they're here they hold me back from making a new life here. I lose time I should have spent getting to know people who live here with me. That way when my friends leave I won't be left completely alone here. The comfort of having them here completely takes away my incentive to go out and grow. I wonder if I'll ever feel like I completely fit in here? One thing I definitely need to do is get on some kind of exercise program. I feel so lazy. I've always been a procrastinator, especially when it comes to doing schoolwork. That's another thing that scares me. I am so lazy! I slacked off all through high school and graduated tenth in my class. High school was easy for me. I know I can't expect to do the same thing in college and still manage to do great, but I can't seem to make myself study. I know I'm just lazy and will have eventually have a very rude awakening, but what can I do? It's not even like I spend the time I should be studying on something constructive. I watch tv or listen to music. I go out every chance I get because it seems my social life is far more important to me than school. I'm hoping once I settle in and feel more comfortable I'll settle on some routine but when will that be? Whenever it is I'm going to start exercising soon and eating better. I always say that though and never do it. This time I will though. Hmmm I say that a lot to. I wish I was just a more motivated person. I also wish I had a much higher selfesteem. I see girls walking all over campus so sure of themselves. They're not afraid to walk up and talk to anybody. I have my moments like that but only if the opportunity is just perfect for it. The girl next to me is typing really fast and now I'm distracted because I'm trying to see how fast I can type. I think I'll check my mail after this is over. I don't think I should have any since the last time I checked it but you never know. Maybe something from my friend at Harvard. I haven't heard from him yet. I had my second set of Thursday quizzes today. I thought they seemed pretty easy. I don't know if the work I showed on the first calculus problem was correct but I know the answer was, so I'll just hope for the best. That class worries me a lot. It's not hard yet but I have a feeling that won't last. Math has always been my best subject and if I can't do well in that, how can I expect to do well in any of my other classes? I wish I could make some good friends in there because I know as the class gets harder I'll need people to study with. Twenty minutes is up. Bye 


I get sick to my stomach during your class and not because I dislike you. I think there are too many people in one room for my personal tastesI start to feel claustrophobic. However, it's fun to people watch with such a large "sample. " There is a 3D icon on my computer and it reminds me that I like graphic design. I feel like a fool writing this. I've started a majority of the sentences with "I"a bad habit. I also don't know whether I'm not even supposed to write in complete sentences. This is what I'm thinking right now, though. Is this because I'm typing at a computer or because I think in sentences? Maybe I think in sentences, but it seems like it would be a waste of time. Surely it's easier to label things as I would see them and without pronouns, verbs, etc. There are green and red squiggly lines correcting my grammar and spelling at the top of this paper. Think I should correct that? I'm not expecting a response by the way. I realize that any answer you may have I would receive far too late to correct any errors I might have. My first class of everyday is Latin. I only thought of this because I don't like/am not very good at foreign language and have a lot of homework to complete by tomorrow morning. Another squiggly green line. Damn. Oops, another. Perhaps you're wondering about the origins of my surname. Well, I'll tell you. My great grandparents (on my Dad's side) came here from Russia. Our name was Wachovsky. At Ellis Island they chopped it down to Wachs. My great, great, grandfather was a Lithuanian Rabbi who killed himself by trying to lift a cow over a fence. I get a laugh out of that. I never met my mom's dad. Actually, not even my dad met him. He died in his forties from cancer. Pancreatic I believe. My other grandpa died when I was 2 and a half. Interestingly enough, he "retired from life. " A week before he passed he took my father aside, his other son he was much closer to, and told my dad that he was ready to go. My dad got mad, "What are you saying? You have two new grandkids, there's lots to see. " Etc. , etc. He insisted he was ready and my dad was pissed off at him. Didn't speak to him the next week. His brother, my uncle, was in Las Vegas when he died. As much as it makes me angry, that's one of my favorite stories. My grandpa has always had a mythical aura around him and that tidbit only lends validity to it. I just found out a few months ago that he had another daughter with someone other than my grandma. My grandma knew, but didn't mindit was before they got married. My grandma also is dead and my dad and uncle knew very few details about it. When I got back from Las Vegaswhere I was told of the newsI looked through my Grandpa's old wallet, something that apparently everyone else forgot to do. There were only a few pictures in there. My grandma, my uncle, my dad, and this little girl with a blue dress. My grandma told my dad that Grandpa gave a blue dress to her on her 5th birthday. Speaking of favorite stories, I got a job back home at a video store. I worked there because I was enamored with the manager; she's only a few years older. But she's great, hilarious, beautiful, everything and there's no one who doesn't like her. Before she opened the store one day she was in the local Fry's supermarket and this older lady came up to her and said, "You are beautiful. " Meredith, the manager, said, "thank you" and went on her way. Then she realized the lady didn't have to do that and that was a very nice thing to do. So she went over to the florist, bought a bunch of flowers, found the lady, and gave them to her. The lady thought it was so nice that she invited her to dinner that night. I think that's a beautiful story. 


The past two weeks have been extremely stressful. There has been so much going on, it has been hard for me to keep up with school work. I have not found much time for me to go out and relax. Although, I believe that the stress I have encountered is being relieved. As the school year progresses I think I will be able to juggle school, work and my friends. I have been getting a lot sleep. Even though I get plenty of sleep I still wake up in the mornings feeling tired and worn out. I don't know why, but I think I might be because I have been getting too much sleep! I think that is one of the main reasons I haven't been keeping up with my school work. This might also be the reason why I am stressed out. I have been so busy trying to catch up with the reading in philosophy. I went through provisional so I did not really get a summer vacation. So I want to slack off, but I know I cant. I do believe as time progresses I will be less stressed. 


How's it going to be when you don't know me anymore, Janice is the person Phillipines dancing dia de los muertos the Doritos chip girl rain umbrella closet I want to be the creator I want to be the beginning the middle and the end there's so many ways to go about this gateway I remember that heaven's gate thing where everybody killed themselves committing suicide is not good the ut clock tower was closed not because of the shooting but all the people who jumped off got to go skydiving maybe I'll be accepted to that freefall program through rotc who knows will I be able to juggle all of these components of my life, will my paradigm be changed, my paradigm is my way of thinking has this already changed without me knowing over the past few days no because I have a journal to record all of my memories in all of my thoughts usually what I think is funny what is funny standup and make people laugh what a joy to entertain others my toe hurts I shouldn't have been trying to impress my roommates hopefully it will heal soon toes always heal fast think that way jeff and it will happen you can do it adam sandler is so funny do you have any chewing gum the alphabet stares me in the eyes as does the poo lying on my bedspread waiting to annoy me as I wake from my deep slumber it's not easy fitted briefs rule if I didn't have them life would be much harder but I feel like I am some sort of baby when I was a baby my first word was juice I miss Christine so much it all comes down to that it's the bottom line I need her to be completely happy or do I just need someone ideally her but I could settle for another it's so hard to forget her sure she's so far away but there's a great chance we could be together in the end all it takes is time dedicated to staying in touch pushing the right buttons keeping her interested without pushing it and smothering her I can do this so many girls at ut so many everywhere what's going on in their heads today I eave dropped on someone's conversation it wasn't real it was like the extras in my life holding a conversation for the sake of ambience just for background noise the convo had no substance no validity it was fake and I know that my life is some sort of show being played somewhere maybe everyone else is real in their own context but I am the center I'm sure that was a theory I learned in Siskovics senior year came and went like water under a bridge red Volvo I want to have a nice big truck like Travis Herzog and cruise around without a care in the world no stress I had to ride my bike to campus today what a drag went to the drag today didn't see the beggars what lovely incisors someone said but they weren't really there what o'clock is it what direction where am I going the world is spinning my neck hurts my toe hurts that is not the only hurt my body carries like a vessel of insanity I lurk about trying to find my ideal tag team wrestling partner what would he look like is there anyone out there that looks exactly like me I'm sure it is possible I mean James Wollums and I look so much alike and this was just San Antonio I want to hear her voice laughing and calling my name I want to see her smile glistening and feeling the same just feeling is an experience why do we all take our senses for granted it's not like you're the champ champ I can be a mean champ tom green just runs through my cells like a fox jumping over the cow who in turn is jumping over the moon what axiom said we no no but an epiphany turns me moves me out of insanity and I'm back on squishy Astroturf hearing smelling biscuits does a blonde tell jokes about brunettes the eyes are the window to the soul what is a soul I've never touched one or maybe I have and I just don't know it we can only comprehend so much and who is to say that we only use 11% of our brain how can they come to this judgment I could qualify anything and throw it into a book and it would be the authority, no? Of course not that is crazy horses running laps doing layups shooting baskets I miss it all if I could go back there just to smell the gym to feel the sweat on m jersey to hear the crowd as it cheers for my 2 free throws red hair bobby are you my butler no no fresh prince come again albertson's it's your store you see my thoughts have no grammar so screw you screw it where did this word come from who made it what phonetical background does it have I don't care exclamation point dear journal name your kids journal so that the whole world writes to them it's be fair game for them to open up any journal and say it's theirs to read why not snot allergies ah allegra my mind is so boggled by this I am infiltrated with media if I could get out if you only knew. 


So, I'm sitting here staring at the computer screen. I wonder what I'm supposed to write about. Thousands of ideas enter my mind, but one completely stands out. My roommate is again in a fight with her boyfriend. How can one person have so much anger trapped up inside of them? How can one person be so hurt and so hurtful to or from another. I know that I sometimes get in fights with my boyfriend. But they are nothing like this. I just don't really understand her sometimes. She complains that they don't talk enough, but when they are on the phone  they have absolutely nothing to talk about. What else is new, all she does is sit around in the room waiting for him to call all of the time. I go to class, come back, and there she sits still. I just can't do that. I mean, I'm dedicated and love my boyfriend, but not to the point of putting my own happiness and life on the line for one person. I don't think that I'm selfish, I feel like I have my priorities straighter. Except I happen to be the one without the degree plan that everyone else already has set up. I don't know what I want to do with the rest of my life. There are so many opportunities out there, how do you know deadon what you would like to be? My interests change daytoday. One day I want to do this, then the next day it's this other thing. The only sure thing and deadmindset thing that I'm involved with is my boyfriend. We've been together for a long time, and I've never felt as strong about anyone as I feel about him. We make all these plans for our future together that I hope come true. But they are only things that I want right now. I would love to marry this guy, I've been settled down for over a year now, and I'm happy this way. We both adjusted our lives for each other. I just wish the time was here. But I can't help to think of that continuous thought in the back of my head, of what if. I am extremely superstitious. I believe that there is a reason why we met each other, and every event that has happened since, has. But maybe I don't always get what I want because I'm supposed to meet someone else while he is not around. I have never been happier in my life, and I am always afraid of change. This move down here to college shuck me up enough. Now things are finally getting settled and I'm meeting tons of people, but I don't know whether or not I should dedicate my time to what I am giving it to. I make time for everyone, but not always for everyone. I keep a lot of time to myself. I hate having to turn people down, but it seems as if I am always doing that. Tomorrow my friend invited me over for dinner, and that should be a lot of fun. We have kind of lost touch, and it should be good for us to get back into the swing of things. Well, I think that has been twenty minutes. I hope you enjoyed my "interesting" train of thought. 


I don't really know what to think about really anything. I mean some things are so clearcut and others just float off like there is no answer or any point in thinking about them. Why do I cry so much. Why do I need to talk so much why do I need so much. I don't know all the answers and I don' t know all the emotions either, but I do know that sometimes I feel different and like things aren't right. And how do you know when things are right. Is Brian right just because my head is telling my heart that he is cute and cool and what I maybe have been looking for? But then other things I just know are right when Lilly and are goof off and are being silly we have so much fun. But then how will they all think of me when they know the truth and is it really that big of a deal or is it because I make it a big deal. Oh my gosh it has only been three and a half minutes. What is wrong w/ me? My arms will fall off before I finish this writing assignment. But really who will know if I don't tell them but I want to tell people and have them love me and speaking of people I know and love I wonder how Kelsey is I hope she has made some more friends who are girls. I know that I can't be there but I hope that she does make some because she needs to realize she is more than just a body and a set of boobs to them. Or at least I want her to know that and maybe I should just say things like that. Wow my arms hurt. But I have been typing for a while already and the blinking light from AOL instant messenger is going to piss me off so I have to turn it off now. Ah. so much better. Now I can concentrate and not really concentrate wow I love paradoxes. I wonder if you should or rather could say paradox like with the funky ways of making plurals like alumnae and alumna and stuff like that. And is swang really a word when not used as a term for dancing or in the more rural and uneducated parts of the world. And in America how many places are really uneducated and how do we know that we are uneducated. I mean after all who are we to judge. I don't think that there is any person who can judge either other people or themselves. But we all do it and anyone who says that they are not judgmental are flat out lying. I mean really. I am going to try and move my keyboard to a new position to better accommodate my wrists and arms and fingers. I hope that I get a ticket to ou weekend. And better yet I hope I get a date. I would like to go there w/ Brian, but I don't know if he likes me or is just pressured by other people, like my friends, into thinking that I am some kind of cool. I wish I could just know but that is not my place. I don't get to know things. I think he feels obligated and just like the she daisy song I do not want to be anyone's obligation. I have too much pride and maybe I have so much it will hurt me, but I don't want to be anyone's' obligation until they decide themselves that they want to care for me. I don't want a person colossal  who feels obligated to me because of what I have done or what people say about me or whatever I want some one who will want me. Why doesn't anyone want me or do I not let them see me and if I do let them see me am I risking everything I work for everyday to make sure that I have a pretty face to show the world but I seem so unfriendly sometimes like at meetings. I don't try and meet the girls especially the one who looks like Mel's sister because it makes me think bad things. But oh I am a horrible person. Why would anyone want me especially with all this bad karma and not that I believe in karma I just believe in the modern translation that it relates to the soul and goodness and badness and evilness, but I am evil and I have all these negative thoughts and I am not bitter though, at least I pray to God that I am not bitter because bitterness really does breed filth and hatred and unhappiness. I want to be happy and praise God with all of my song and being but all these things get in the way and other stuff and I am so unhappy about stuff sometimes. I just need to cry and I want a big comfy shoulder to cry upon and someone special to hold me tight and say that everything will be all right. that is from some song but that is what I want. I want the security of a guys arms wrapped around me but I know that is not really security that all that is is a cheap imitation of what God can give to me through Jesus. But I just right now would love to be wrapped up in a great big hugpreferably with Brian around me, but I don't know. I hope I don't get obsessive about him like I did with Tony and with Jonathan and so many other people. I just think that things are good and that I feel really comfortable around him but at the same time he reminds me of all the boys I hung out with that were Bass's friends. And that is cool because they were cool but I don't know if I am deep down cool enough for Brian and all of his friends or if I want to try. But I do, but only if it is the right thing and if it is then God will bring it together but I know that I have to do my part and pray and think of what God can do and not worry about other things but it all works out in the end. God keeps us safe. It all works out. 


Well, I'm sitting here at my computer right now doing my assignment for psychology I guess I'm really thinking about a lot of things right now, primarily what my plans for the weekend are going to be even though its only Tuesday I am already worried about something that's going to happen several days from now sometimes I get ahead of myself I guess I really like this assignment because I like typing I feel it is one of my strong points but I haven't got to practice much since my high school typing course I was best in the class back then no one was as good a typist as I was there was a really good looking girl that sat next to me in that class her name was Mary she is dating someone older than I am right now his name is Vincent I don't know what his problem is he is too old for her and she is not even in college I bet he isn't faithful to her at all that is the problem with these frat guys they don't respect anyone but themselves I wish they would take some time off from their drinking sometime and think about who they are really hurting its not fair to the other kids Mary's age not to get a chance to get to know her because she is so caught up with this college guy that isn't even loyal to her what a jerk oh well its not really my problem anyway I'm in college too high school is behind me even though I had a really good time in high school I miss all of my friends we really had some crazy times it seems so long ago that I was sitting in my senior English class staring out the window thinking about life at UT who would have guesses that when I got to UT I would spend time thinking about what I thought about in high school my friend is in the room right now he is a friend of mine from elementary school he went to the provisional program but didn't make his grades he goes to ACC now and I think he is happy there the classes aren't too difficult, I hear I wish my classes weren't so hard I feel too stressed if I don't make good grades, my parents are going to kill me one thing I just noticed is that I noticed that I am randomly using punctuation I don't know why maybe I punctuate the things that I think are more important to me I guess that's why I'm in psychology maybe I will understand these things one of these days I think I will learn a lot in psych. as well as all my other classes they are all very interesting to me they are all liberal arts classes that will help my degree actually I don't even know my degree yet it will probably be in either government or history because I want to go to law school and my academic advisor said that those majors would be most conducive to my acceptance to a prestigious law school but the thing they said that matters most was my grade point average he said that anyone with a high GPA can get into law school regardless of their major so that was good to hear it took a lot of pressure off of me to make a decision I do not really want to make for a little while anyway both of my parents are lawyers I wonder how much that affected my decision to pursue a career in law I guess I will discover that as well sometime during this course I am very excited to be enrolled in this course I think I will discover a lot about myself well, my twenty minutes is about up I think I am going to order a pizza now I still have not eaten lunch and I am starving. 


I've never felt empty ever before, its amazing how complete your life feels for a certain time and then just because of this one person everything just falls apart and you have to start all over again I know it happens to everybody at some point of their lives but whoever it must be happening to they must be going through hell. I believe in god and I know that whatever he's doing its for my betterment but I wonder why he did this in the first place if he wasn't going to make it work. Right now there are so many questions in my mind but there is no one to answer them at all I'm feeling so disgusted with everything I feel angry and its all because on this one person who before a year didn't even mean anything to me and now rules over all my thoughts and feelings. I wish I could foresee the future or go back into time and fix up everything before it falls apart. I'm sitting in a lab full of people and my friends come every now and then and say hi to me and treat me sweetly and every other second my thoughts keep going back to this evil person who just messed up everything I do. I must be sounding like any girl who's fallen out of a relationship but I don't care I'm very hurt, and in my case I know he doesn't care at all whether I'm sad or depressed because he has someone else waiting for him at home who's going to make it alright for him and make him forget me forever and ever. and me? I m going to cry and keep thinking of him for a long time because I know I'm true and I loved him even if he didn't. So if I cry I know its because of the love I feel for him, and he doesn't care because he never really loved me at all, and I was stupid all the way to believe that he did. I promise never to be that stupid again I'm going to immerse myself in my work and other people and get on with my life whether my heart likes it or not because all this while I've been doing whatever my heart wanted me to do and didn't do whatever my brain wanted me to but now I'm going to think practically because I know that in this cruel world people who care for others get run over and only the cold hearted survive. So I am going to be cold hearted. and I'm going to be mean. sweet from the outside and mean from the inside just how he is. the whole world loves him because he's sweet from the outside but no one knows about how dark he is from the inside as bitter as an evil man who's never any good for anyone in his life. Where are people when you really need them, my parents so so far away who don't even have a clue about what's happening in my life. I'm so angry I could fight with the person and cry in front of him and take him in front of God and ask him to do justice for me if anybody in third world can't do it but I know I can't ask for anything like that ill just have to study move on and do great things with my life and make my parents really happy because they love me more than any guy in this world can ever do. As I write I'm waiting for these 20 minutes to get over so I can get out of this frame of mind and hide my thoughts in something else or just go stand outside in the warm sun and away from this computer where I feel I'm going to get an email from him at any minute. I hate being a slave to my thoughts and feelings I hate being an emotional slave to a guy who doesn't give a damn about me. I want everything to be right again. As it was before I want him to hug me when I'm tired and tell me that he cares for me oooh why does life have to be so difficult and challenging why can't it be stable is love too expensive to ask for or has it just become very rare in this world where people just care for themselves and nobody else. I can't write very quickly because I'm not that good at typing otherwise I can go on and on about this but then again I don't want to because I don t want to feel sorry for myself at all I'm beautiful, intelligent and there is someone out there who deserves me more then this selfish freak. 


Sometimes I wonder what everything is worth in the big scheme of things. Growing up, making friends, going to school, learning amazing things, falling in love, and well, I guess living in general. What is our purpose here. to consume as much food as possible on a daily basis, to desire nothing but to be rich, spoiled, to care not for our neighbors, but for what kinds of cars we drive. I wonder if that was His plan when this all started or if we've really messed up. In a sense, we've grown as far from following in his steps as possible and it's really scary to me. As a follower of the times, my faith in Him has also declined as the years have gone on. Well, on to another aspect of worthiness. friendships. Although necessary for life, and powerful while they last, why do all friendships seem to come to an end. Whether it is due to personal reasons or unplanned ones, each and every friendship must reach an end at some time. As I entered high school, I was very afraid of my future, of the immensity of my school, and the immensity of my life. But I realized that life is only as big as you make it. If you choose, you can have a closeknit group of friends or a large selection of various types of friends. its up to you. But back to my point. I made many friends in high school, but only a handful that will continue to have my friendship as I've moved to the next step in my life. My five best friends, my girlfriend, and a few others are only a hundredth of the people that I knew in my high school days, but now they are most likely out of my life forever, not by choice, but by nature. Don't get me wrong, I am very excited to be in college and out of high school, but I don't think that I realized what I was losing. My best friend with whom I spent countless days after school shooting hoops, watching movies, ordering pizza, and just hanging out decided to go to another school than me. I didn't realize how much I would miss him until he left. When I see him for the first time, it's going to be a relief, but when will that time come, and it's only going to last for short period of time. My girlfriend also chose another school, but hers was four states away. I knew leaving her would be most difficult, but I underestimated the pain. I miss seeing her every day and hearing about the intricate details of her life. what she had for breakfast, how her math test was, what she wore to school, when she got off work, how her family was, and many other little things that are often ignored when someone is around all the time. I feel like I don't know her as well as I used to and I wonder if I ever will. The leaving cut our relationship short, which also makes me wonder if our ever after will ever have a chance to grow. I guess the point of this is that sometimes we don't realize what we have until it's gone. and maybe realizing is worse, or maybe it's better, I don't know. Anyhow, I wonder why we're here, and maybe being away from everyone will help me figure it all out. But for now, I guess my hopes and dreams will drive me to care not what everything is worth, but to be happy that we get a chance to be here, happy we get a chance to grow up, make friends, go to school, learn amazing things, fall in love, and, of course, be alive! 


its 12:42 and I'm listening to an old episode of Saturday Night Live in my friends' room. I need a computer. I don't know why I didn't bring mine. I'm hungry. I can't eat because I have to type this assignment. Sharon has a lot of pictures. This is a pretty funny snl sketch. I have nothing to say. MY back feels a little sore. I'm slightly offended that there aren't any pictures with me in them. I don't want to do this anymore. I want to watch tv, instead of just listening to it. I really don't have anything important going through my head. It was nice of Sharon to let me stay in here and do this. Her and her roommate left, so I'm not even sure I'm supposed to be here. This song isn't that bad. I have never heard of the musical guest on this episode of SNL but the song really isn't bad. I really should have eaten before I started this. I'm about to pass out. Only 12 more minutes. I should call home later. I'm quite upset that I couldn't do the pretesting survey thing for the experiments. Maybe I'll try again in a little while. I want to change the channel. Some station has to be showing the U. S. Open. They just have to. I think someone keeps trying to I. M. Sharon, but I can't tell them it isn't her, because I'm doing this. I'm interested how this assignment will tell how my mind works. It should be good to know. I hope someone explains it, preferably Professor What's his name. I would check to see what his name is, but again, I Can't. Just looking around the room now. This is kind of boring (no offense). Only 8 more minutes. Cool. The only bad part is I have to stay here until Sharon and Rebecca get back because I can't lock up. There are just a lot of pictures in here. There are many of Sharon's boyfriend Jorge. Interesting that she's dating someone with the same name as me, isn't it. Snl is over and only 6 minutes until I'm done. That is a stupid picture Sharon has next to her printer. I like the opening music on this show (The Kids In the Hall). only 4 minutes left. That's good because I am still very hungry. This is very boring. I thought about using a lot of big words, but I realized that that isn't how I think so I should just stick with my sixth grade vocabulary. This isn't a very funny sketch. Phone's ringing, can't answer it. They told me not to. It's Rebecca. she knows I'm here but I still can't answer the phone. she isn't going to like this. I'm done. 


I wondering about what I should write here but I know that I'm just supposed to write what comes to mind. I just ate a chocolate cookie and now I'm craving some milk. My nose itches. I can see my shadow on the wall in front of me because of the light behind me. This chair is really uncomfortable. I need to buy a pillow to fit in it. Now I'm drawing a blank. Now I'm thinking about studying chemistry after I finish typing. But I don't understand the work, so I guess I should just wait and do the homework after I go to the discussion session tomorrow. My chemistry professor was "sick" today, but the sickout is not supposed to start until tomorrow. Maybe she really is sick. My arm hurts because the edge of the desk is sharp. Now my back itches. It's this darn chair that's making me so uncomfortable. Now I'm wondering if it matters if I type contractions or not. I know that in a proper English paper, I am not supposed to say "isn't" or "I'm" or anything like that. But this is a stream of consciousness so I guess there aren't any rules. I wonder when my roommate is going to get in tonight. I hope she doesn't walk in while I'm still typing this, then it will distract me. But then again, I'm not doing a very good job at focusing on my thoughts right now, anyway. Hmmm. my thoughts. I wish I had not just eaten that cookie. That's unnecessary calories and now I'm thirsty. I wish I could talk to this guy that I like, J. J. He's on a sixmonth float for the navy and I won't get to see him until spring break. But we care a lot about each other and email everyday. I wish I had some music on right now, but I don't know if I should listen to music right now, anyway, because that might mess up my thoughts, also. I hope I like this psychology class. I'm thinking about being a child psychologist. I love children. I want to have two kids. I think I want to have kids before I'm oh, 26. I don't want to die before my kids graduate. Larry King is 74 and his wife is pregnant. That's ridiculous. That's traumatic on the child, I think. I just popped my knuckles. My mom would always slap my hands when I did that in front of her. My nose really itches. Sitting here makes me notice all my aches and pains. My ankle hurts and my arms are hurting because of this desk. I need to repaint my toenails, but I'm so lazy. I want to go smoke a cigarette outside really quickly. But I only have 15 more minutes to type. Wow, only one fourth of the time has passed so far. I just popped my neck. That's probably not too good for me. I'm going to have arthritis everywhere by the time I'm 30. Now I'm trying to get more comfortable so I'm sitting indian style in this little bitty chair. My closet light is on and it's kind of bothering me. I hope I do well in all of my classes this semester. My easiest class is German but the rest I know I will have to put forth a lot of effort to do well in them. But I really think I'm going to enjoy this class. The first day I walked into psychology class last Wednesday, out of all the people in the auditorium, I happened to sit right next to someone I had met the night before. It really is a small world, even thought this is the biggest college in the nation right now. My roommate is a raver. She has all of these rave flyers all over the wall. I've never been to a rave, but I think I might go to one this Saturday. I'm not too pumped up about it, but I think I should at least give it a chance. I just hope I don't get drugged accidentally or something. And also, ravers wear really funny clothing. I'd look funny if I wore "normal" going out clothes to the rave, so I'm going to have to borrow my roommate's clothes. Okay, time is up. 


I really don't know what to say. I am just doing some assignment for the Psychology class. It is an interesting class, yes, and I am happy to be in it. I am now looking at my pencil. This pencil has been with me for about a year and I still have not lost it. I usually loose these pens and pencils within 3 or 4 weeks. My roommate just picked up the phone and started talking to a friend of mine. It seems that Texas just won the football game. I am happy to hear that. Again I am thinking what am I going to write for this assignment. Yes, I can type pretty fast but to write for 20 minutes, I really don't know what I will be saying?! I am a junior by hours at UT but I am actually a sophomore in electrical engineering. I work as a grader for EE316 class and I really like doing the job. Only thing is, I hate failing students but what can I do? If I don't, they will fail the other chapters to come. My roommate is laughing right now and distracting my thoughts from this assignment! Oh, well! I hope my friend who is studying in the library does not call me right now while I am doing this work. My friend and I are supposed to go and eat at Dobie soon. I really hope he does not interrupt me. I am feeling hungry now and I am getting tired for typing for a long time even though only about 10 minutes have passed. I wish the food was better for me to eat at the cafeteria. Unfortunately, the food is not great. My friend just called me but I am continuing writing. I told him to call me back in 15 minutes. Hopefully, I will be finished with this assignment. I can hear the conversation between my roommate and one of my friends over the phone. They are talking about going to 6th street. I probably would like to go but I think I need to call my brother and sister today. Anyway, that is life and I need to do all this work. I am really tired and now, my thoughts just don't flow anymore. I hear the bathroom toilet flush in the community bathroom. The room is suddenly cold and I wish I wasn't wearing shorts. Oh well. now what. I wish work was just bla bla bla and a whole lot of rubbish. However, it is not that easy. I want to get this assignment done with. Why wasn't it 10 minutes instead of 20 minutes? I wonder what the results of this experiment are going to be? What are they going to help with? I am really hungry and the only thing that is stopping me is this work. Please finish, please finish. a door just slammed because someone closed it hard. I wonder why. anyway, I am tired now. I don't want to write a research report for Psychology but I also don't want the experimentation in psychology to take a lot of time for me. I think I will stick with the experiments. I love being a grader in EE316. People look up to me but I have to remember to be humble to them because they are also human beings who are just as intelligent as me and they are all good people. I wish I could see my parents, my brother and sister right now. Unfortunately, I can't since I am an international student. I wonder how my friends from high school are doing. I hope they are doing well. Oh well, I have to go. Is it time, yet? Let me check. phone rings. Greg called my roommate. a cool guy. I have to do something right now. it seems both my roommate and Greg went to the same party yesterday and had good fun. Come on finish up. yes it is done. Thank you. my hands are really tired. Bye and thank you 


okay. here's the thing. I'm not writing this on my word processor but I do want it to be a stream of consciousness so I'm not going to worry about punctuation, spelling, or capitalization. so here goes. I'm not even exactly sure what to write about but I'll just go with something. Ummm last night I went out and had a kind of interesting night I went over to my old friend carlo's house where he was having a party although me and my friend laura prefer to think of it as lar's house because carlo has been hating us for some while. actually not for some while, ever since he went to England. so I went last night because I really wanted to tell him not to hate me anymore and we talked for awhile about what was wrong, basically he says he feels like he has tried so hard with me and I always put him on the bottom of my list and now I'm off in boyfriend land and don't even care to make time for him. which sucks because I seem to get that from a lot of people and I think that I really make excuses about it to myself because it seems to me that everyone has just assumed that boyfriend land whatever that is is where I want to be so they just kind of cut me off without even asking me what I really want or feel. so then I kind of go off to boyfriend land because I feel like he's the only one who ever wants to hang out with me anymore even though it sucks when he is the only one I am hanging out with anymore because too much time with any one person really sucks. it also sucks when I go to a party and people are always asking me, "where's your boyfriend?" like I'm not allowed to go out without my boyfriend or we are weird because we don't always want to go to parties together but I'm glad that eric wasn't there last night because I don't think that carlo would've talked to me about all the stuff that he did. also eric says that he doesn't even like going to parties with me anymore because I'm such a damn flirt. which I guess I am but I don't really think that I am whenever he's around. if that makes it any better. I wonder where jamie is right now. that is one of those things she probably told me so I probably should know. I feel like I'm writing in a diary right now and that is very weird for me since I haven't written in a diary since oh maybe middle school and even then it was just retarded writing saying things like oh my god! I danced with dj at a the dance! or more often someone in my group of friends is fighting because it seems that is all we ever did. I wonder if that was the group that I hung out with back then or if it was just our age and immaturity. oh well. anyway back to jamie. where is she? I don't know but I sure wish that I was working with her tonight the night goes by so much faster whenever she is there I swear. maybe it is because I'm antisocial I don't know. what sucks is that we got tickets to go see kenny chesney (the hottest country singer ever! as long as he keeps his hat on though he's kind of bald and if he wears his little black shirt because that is always a plus too) anyway we got tickets to see kenny chesney and now because of her stupid sorority that she doesn't even like or want to be in but has to stay in because she lives in the damn house she can't go. which pisses me off. I don't even want to go if she's not going annoying but I really do because it is after all kenny chesney I just don't really want to go with the people that we bought tickets with because I don't really know them even though we work with them. I don't really know oh well my time is up and I've got to go call laura anyway. you know I thought that I would be able to type a whole lot more than this in twenty minutes. oh well. 


At first when I came to UT I was really scared that I was not going to make any friends. Right away I met many people and made many acquaintances. I am not sure I have made any really good friends. I feel lonely many of the times even though I am constantly around different people. For me to feel good is to be loved and that is not happening. First of all, I have no family near me which removes that area of love. My best friend, Milan, is one who I can turn to. or so I thought. He seemed to have become distant from me than usual and I did not appreciate it. Actually it made me jealous because I need attention. So then I began to think that I might like him more than a friend. One of my good friends ended up telling him that I like him. It made things worse than before. But now he likes me and still wants to date other people. I think I really like him so this bugs me. I don't know what I should tell him. I think that he does not like me the way I like him. He told me he was going to come over today but he did not. He did not even bother to call and let me know that he was not going to come. He is probably out, clubbing or something. It was rude of him to not even give me a call. Situations such as these make we wonder if anyone really does care about me. I feel like some how I am always betrayed. Why is that? I wish I could be happy in my life. That is all that I ask for and wish for in my life. I feel like nothing really makes me happy. I am not saying I am always sad and my life sucks because this is not the case. I am just saying that sometimes I am sad and maybe sometimes I am content with my life. Content is not good enough for me. I want true happiness and not by myself but with another person. I am trying to find that happiness but it is way out of my reach. Why is that? Why me? I ask myself these questions all the time and ponder to myself. I think that in life I will never really be successful or anything because I get lonely really easily. I can't even go to the store by myself or to the grocery store. I need someone to go with me. Is that a bad thing? I think that it is because I am not very independent. I want to have someone with me all the time because I like the company. My best friend also tells me that I crave attention. I don't know about all that. Maybe I do though, who knows? School is stressful for me. There is so much studying to do and I feel like I have no time to do it. There is time though but I don't like to be alone. And to study you need to be alone to really get things done right. I guess I just need to figure out my stuff and then everything will be ok. Hopefully all will work out best. 


I just set my alarm on the cell phone because I didn't want to over write or something. I'm listening to Fiona Apple's song. It's called Across the Universe, I think. I don't know if I was supposed to put quotations around the title of the song. Yes, I'm sure that's what I was supposed to do. This writing assignment is kind of weird cause I don't know what I'm supposed to be writing about and sometimes this freedom makes me kind of weird on the subject. Too much freedom isn't always comfortable, I guess. I can't stop thinking about how bad I feel that I didn't go to my philosophy class on Tuesday. It's not because the professor sucks. Or at least I don't think it is cause I know he does kind of not get the point across. He's too vague. too much vagueness and too much freedom. Both are not good especially if you want structure. I need structure in my life. I do because sometimes I think that I know what I'm doing and what I want to do but it just doesn't work out that way and I think it's because I just want things to be scheduled or I can't get them done. I don't' know how to structure my life, though. This song makes me so depressed even though I like it a lot. I don't know what to write about. I don't know if I'm supposed to continuously type, without stopping, or if I can stop to think about what I want to write about but not get away from the computer. I feel like my writing isn't quality writing here, but I guess that's the point of writing this. I've been writing for four minutes. I know. I stopped to look at the clock. I want to talk to my boyfriend. We got into a fight today because he was upset that I didn't call him and went over to a friend's dorm room. I know that's not what he's upset about though. I know it's because this friend of mine is a guy. I hate that he's so jealous like that. I mean, I don't mind if he wants to show me that he cares, but getting upset with me and hanging up with me like that, I just don't like. Especially embarrassing me in front of my friend. I've known my friend, Jonathan, longer than I have been with my boyfriend. I don't' know. I guess my boyfriend is just paranoid. I love him a lot though. I just wish we had what we had in the beginning of our relationship: blind love and trust. I don't know. I guess that once you go out with someone for so long, things just fly away and you're left with what you always thought you weren't going to do and be and say and feel. I understand why some women cry about their husbands beating them but yet they don't leave. It's called love with a condition. She loves him because she's been with him for so long. I'm thinking that maybe if I didn't type so fast, I wouldn't end up with too much for this writing assignment. First of all, I think this is the coolest writing assignment. Not only because we have this freedom, which I think can get a little demanding. I think it's neat because we can write what we think. It isn't an essay on the revolution of blah blah. It's what I feel and think and want to say, which is always nice, especially in writing. I'm used to doing this though I guess cause I write in my journal often. I never type though, so I guess I'm getting more said. And believe it or not, I always worry about space on my journal. Like, I worry that I'll "waste" too many spaces on only one entry. I think I'm so weird. I guess I do kind of like to keep things in order and not waste too much. I am like that in many ways I guess. But I'm also guessing it's a better trait to have than not. I don't know. My computer is making funny noises. I hate my computer cause I paid close to two thousand dollars for it and it doesn't even shut down properly. Plus, stupid Dell won't help me any. I write them and tell them of my technical problem and they just reply to my emails with dumb strategies that don't even work. I've already tried a million times. It makes me want to not fix it at all and just shut it down with the power surge adaptor under my desk. I miss home. I wish I could go home and be with my mom and not worry about money or food or weight. I'm gaining so much weight. I lost about ten pounds my senior year and everybody was complaining that I looked anorexic. Now that I'm in Austin, I've already gained those ten back and I'm scared that now I'll turn into too big of a girl, that ill be that girl, the bigger one than all the other girls. I was only maybe 110 pounds but because all of my friends weighed 90, I looked bigger. Maybe that's why they never wanted to go out with me. I don't know. Maybe it's cause I'm Korean, I don't look like most of the people where I'm from. The Rio Grande valley: either you're Mexican or some type of Mexican. Even the general white population was considered a minority there. Anyway but yeah I used to be cheerleader/student council president and all other kinds of stuff in junior high and I got to high school and cheerleading sucked because I was a freshman and everything else sucked. All my friends turned into druggies. About half of them went to rehab. I feel bad for them. But then again. I don't know. They're here at UT with me. Well, most of them. Does that mean I'm almost equivalent to a druggie? I've never done any drug besides drinking and smoking cigarettes and even that I don't do often. I wish I could find answers to some stupid questions that are so insignificant. Whatever. All I know is that I want my future to bright and successful. I actually want to write. I want to sit and write my poems and my thoughts and write a book, but I know that won't ever be possible. I wouldn't' be able to do it as my job, my career. I know I need food to eat and money to pay bills with and writing books, especially when you're barely starting off, won't get you too much on the table and in your pockets. I don't know. I wish I had the patience to go through medical school but I don't think I could, and besides, I suck at sciences. I would never be able to go through all those damn chemistry and biology classes. I would die. I really would. Why would I want to shoot so high for a career that will only bog me down with way too many hours? Actually, the guy I was talking about before, Jonathan, he has an uncle who is a doctor and he's so rich and makes his own hours, basically. He's working in the ER right now because he likes to travel, and ER doctors can usually go work at whatever hospital. I'm so tired. My shoulders hurt. My boyfriend is coming tomorrow to see me. I'm so excited. We've been going out for two years. It's like we're both from the valley and it's like I'm going to be able to see a part of the old me, at home. I haven't seen him for two weeks, which is nothing compared to the long separation periods when I was a senior in high school and he was a freshman up at A&M. yup, he's an aggie. Funny how I got to be a longhorn. I don't even have all that pride in being one. I didn't even look into buying a sports packet to go watch the game. I wish I was back to being my peppy self like I was in junior high. Did I kill myself? Or did I let other people kill me? Did I let other people tell me I wasn't good enough? I don't know. I want it to be 9:24 so I can stop writing. My shoulders hurt and my neck hurts. I feel too pressured doing this. But yet, I like this writing assignment. 


Is U. T. for me? Should I have stayed with my friends in Houston? I thought I was going to meet to meet a lot of new people here. I don't know what to do? Why am I here? I don't even know what I want to be. Is college even for me? I hate that song. I think I could be happy with a low paying job. I don't know. People here are different; maybe it's just me. College is supposed to be the best time. I over think everything. I should just go with the flow. Everyone tells me you will love it here once I meet a few people, but it seems unlikely. I have met a lot of new cool people, but I can't see them being as close as my friends back home. Even the girls here act differently. I have meet a lot of new girls, but it wasn't what I expected. It seems like I'm the only one who feels this way. I know I over think everything. Maybe I'm not giving U. T. a chance. I think I'm trying, but I feel awkward here. I worry way too much. I don't know why I always think about this. That music is loud. I hate complaining like this, its useless, but it's all I think about. Who knows maybe I'll meet new people when I go to I. S. A. tonight. But I know it's going to be like everything else, you might meet new people but you will never see them again or get to know them. I'm so glad I am going home this weekend. What will I do? 


well. how do I start? I suppose I'll just start by saying that I am very tired of school I don't even know why so soon I mean my classes aren't all that bad yet but I'm tired of waking up so early to catch the crowded bus and always having to walk everywhere in the heat one thing I am excited about is my boyfriend coming down in less than 9 days to visit me. he's from texas tech and I miss him so much the only bad thing is that I think that I'm hiding myself from the world because I feel safe enough with him that I block out the rest of the world and therefore I am not quite as social as I should be. but I'm really worried that I'm going to lose him and then where will I be? who will I have? oh well can't think of that right now. I'll enjoy my life with him for now long distance relationships are very hard. I don't quite know what will happen but I do know that he is very special to me and every guy I go out with in the future will be compared to him enough about the mushy stuff I'm living with my sister up here its really convenient she takes care of me and we don't really fight a lot she's sick right now I don't know what to do except for buy her medicine I'm a bad nurse oh wells I can't believe we have been in school for bout 2 weeks now. it feels like 2 months everything is moving by so slow I miss Dallas I can't wait to go back and visit my family and friends ill be going back in bout 2 weeks or so I hate it that I'm easily distracted when I start on my homework the tv usually gets to me because we have cable and so some really good movie will be on and ill sit there and watch it instead of working on my homework. that's really starting to become a habit and the thing is when the show is finally over and I start on my homework its already 12 and I'm pooped I need better study habits I'm currently a biology major. I don't even think that's what I'm going to follow through here I don't go out partying like most college students I think I should take advantage of my college years here but I really don't like the whole clubbing experience I'm full and I feel like vomiting. I think I ate too many chicken wings. oh wells I hate the computer I'm on the internet connection is really slow and I hate tying on a laptop computer. I'm use to the normal ones I still have a lot of reading to do I have to finish reading in this class and in biology. I hope I don't bomb any of my classes my parents expect me not to since my sister is here and will show me the ropes. do you know how much pressure that is? I feel as if I never seem to make my parents proud enough it comes with the territory. being the middle child is really hard anyways. I miss chili our chinchilla ill get to keep him for about 3 weeks so I'm really excited our apartment is so messy we live like boys I'm getting really tired already. I think ill be up late yet again tonight ill shower tomorrow morning I've dyed my hair 5 times and yet it wont give me the color I want I'm so frustrated I'm frustrated with life with school with love everything when I took the pretesting thing I felt so depressed. everything I was answering about myself was so negative. in some way and so I felt really bad once I was done. that reminds me I have to go check out that bulletin board to check out some experiments I could to do obtain my 5 hours actually now 3 1/2 which is great. I hope they don't make me do anything really weird I'm kind of hesitant to do that stuff oh wells I haven't been out a lot since I've been here in Austin I'm kind of homesick. I miss the simple life I lead when I was in Dallas everything has changed things are not so simple anymore I fell as though I'm not as happy here I don't know why though. don't worry. I'm not suicidal or anything I just wish I knew what was bugging me I think. actually I hope things will be fine soon this year is moving by so slow. and its so hard making friends I have at least one friend in each class except for chemistry that really bad because you should really have a study partner in that class I think ill have to make friends in there soon I feel stress stress from the world everything I hate it I get stressed easily sleep is overcoming me. I have to stay awake. I'm already behind in my readings can't get even more behind. I need a major massage my shoulders are so tense. my whole body is tense I like these kinds of writing assignments because it helps release some of my emotions hidden inside some stress has lifted but there's still a lot there well. my time has ended. its been 20 minutes 20 minutes that have flown by ill end it on this note. I need some sleep. I'm going to sleep goodbye. 


Okay, I guess this is what all my English teachers described as "stream of consciousness. " I believe I did an assignment similar to this in 11th grade. I'm not sure. I wonder how long this writing assignment will be. How much can I possibly type for 20 minutes straight without stopping? What if I get a phone call? Do I answer it? Anyways, I cannot believe I am in my second week of college. It is kind of what I expected. The freedom can me nice at times, but I do miss my home. I do not miss high school at all though. I didn't like high school one bit. I am more homesick than I ever thought I would be, or could be for that matter. I never thought of myself as someone who would get homesick. But here I am, always wanting to call home. Michelle's birthday is tomorrow. I wish I could fly down to spend the day with her. I hope mom remembers to give her the CD I made her. The CD reminds me of Justin, whom I also miss a lot. I miss all my friends, all my best friends. One of which is at UTD, one going to Northwestern in a few days, and one attending Texas Women's. I really wish I could transfer, or they would transfer to UT. I miss them all so much. Wow, it has only been 5 minutes. I don't know if I have 20 minutes of gibberish to write about. This stream of consciousness thing is harder than it seems. I know I tend to ramble on a lot but it is quite different when you are doing it for a class assignment. It is also hard for me because I am so used to typing with abbreviations every time I chat online, making this assignment a lot more difficult. After completing this, I am going to wait for a phone call from my best friend. Then, meet up with someone at the library, where I hope to get a lot of studying done. I feel like I am so behind in all my classes. I have a lot of reading to do. Senioritis has not gone away, and I have yet to get back into the "homework mode. " That's not good. I really would like to leave here with a high GPA. I know that is what my parents would really like. Yet, it seems harder and harder as days go by. There are so many things to do here that it seems harder to organize my week. I am usually a very organized person but haven't been as of late. Man, I wonder if Iris is going to call me anytime soon. I feel like I haven't talked to her in forever. I would really like to fly down and stay with her for a weekend. I'm thinking about the weekend of her birthday. Though, I'm not sure if that is a good idea. I need to get the money together first. Oh yeah, I also need to get some money for Lisa's birthday gift. It's her birthday tomorrow. Wow, I wish my friends would chip in money and buy me a camera. That's really neat that Ivy is doing that. I'm so glad I finally got my camera fixed. Stupid battery. How does a battery die out so quickly? I haven't even had my camera for that long. I put up my collages today before lunch. They look really nice on my wall. I think I put them up crooked though. Oh well, I will get used to it, I hope. I would really like to fill up my whole wall with it. That would be so neat! Okay, 6 more minutes. Man, I haven't typed this much in a long time. My eyes are starting to hurt now, and I still have a headache. Today is Monday. Tomorrow is Tuesday. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day, from beginning to end. I will probably be dead tired by the end of the day and won't have enough energy to study. That will not be good. I want to watch TV. I wonder what is on right now. Lisa said she was going to watch friends and then Roswell. All right, now I am running out of things to type. I don't think my brain works very fast. These last few minutes are going by very slowly. I hope I don't get hungry tonight at the library. I cannot believe I ate so much today at lunch. It is all Leeting's fault. All that starch cannot be good for me. I really hope I do not gain a lot of weight while in college. I'm really scared that I will. I haven't been going to the gym as often as I would like. I think I might start going every Friday or so. Maybe on the weekends too, seeing as how I haven't been in Austin for the weekend since school started. Maybe that is why I still have not put together a regular schedule. I haven't really been here for a full week. Well, this will be my first full week in college. Not as exciting as I thought it would be. I think I might call home after I finish this assignment. I'm almost done, thank goodness. I really am running out of things to type. I think I am all drained out. I hope I do not fall asleep studying tonight. I really need to get stuff done. 


Well to begin. I don't like spelling. you make me check my spelling but what I really want to do is just permanently change the way things are spelt. or make everyone think they way I do. wow wouldn't that be nice. hum to have everyone think the same as me. No not really. If everyone thought the same as me it would be one boring world. "So Andréa how goes your thoughts on Abortion?". response: "I don't know. why don't you ask yourself. ". well I bet that isn't how the conversation would go. cause the other person wouldn't think they thought like me they would think I think like them. so about the only conflict would come up as to who is the original "who". But how about it we took different situations and then gave everybody my opinion?. but that is a lot of work. and I don't feel like that. Speaking of no feeling like working. I don't feel like working. hehe you don't know it but I just misspelled feel. I wrote fell instead. Lets think about that. if a cow falls in a hole how would it get out. I guess you would have to build stairs huh. no not really you could just pull the damn thing out. Damn Cows way in the world are they even falling in holes. don't they know not to do shat like that? Oh yeah like that little baby. who was it?. oh baby Jessica(I think). wouldn't suck to fall in a hole? Heheh. I was watching a movie the other day(big big movie buff) called "Cecil B. Demented"  it was a great movie. one guy in the movie(he is from another movie called "Drive me Crazy"(don't ever see that one). but in this movie he is a drug addict. not the scary kind that look like skeletons and shat but the funny kind that take every kind of drug. back to my point. at one point he is trying to run away but he is running in place. his excuse you ask. he's stuck in a KB hole. hehehe. I think its funny even if you aren't laughing. You ever think about that. when I write something on the computer it just doesn't laugh. damn computer. doesn't have a sense of humor. perhaps if I ripped all its cords out it would be laughing. "hahahahaha". no no not really. That is mean. HUM. new topic okie. I like to look around and see how everybody has their own style. some like to wear tight clothes some wear funky stuff. if people have an "outgoing" style does that mean they are caught up in unimportant things such as outer beauty?. no not at all. people often like to dress up. in that fun sort of way. or they like to do stuff like that. alright I'm bored of this conversation. really I am. Sam I am. I will not eat green eggs and ham. oh poor Dr. Seuss. he's six feet under. Man I saw part of the Emmys last week. they shown all the movie stars who had died. sniff. YI think a nice thing to paint is reflections. they are really pretty. I have a lot of stuff to do. ugh. the word stuff is so slang. (said in a valley girl way. ) "That word was just like so SLANG" (nose pointed up and with a quick twist she leaves the room). I think I should start saying something else besides "Stuff". "I have a lot of things to do". " I have many things to do". "My agenda is full right now can you call back at a later date and then maybe we can set something up for you. no. no sir you don't understand my calendar runs out after October and I won't be getting a new one for at least another week. So I'm going to need you to call back to set up the appointment. alrighty sir. you have a nice night. bye" (click) "Y'all come back now you hear". BUH  


Well I guess my first thought would be that I don't think the assignment is really fair. I don't really mind it but the fact is that people who type faster will in fact have to write more. I type quite well so this applies to me. I don't really know what else to say so I guess I will just talk. I am 18 I don't like things. I don't like a lot of things. I am very judging of people and things. Everywhere I go I am sizing things up. I don't know why I do this, perhaps it is some sort of defense mechanism that I use to protect myself. I don't know once again. I have a girlfriend of seven months who has actually helped me with this very much. Just the thought of her brings me comfort and calms me down considerably. I don't sleep very well anymore. I used to sleep quite well but now that all of these changes in my life have occurred I am having trouble adjusting. One thing I have noticed about myself just now is that I complain a lot. Well, I noticed it before now but this helps. I will try to be more positive for the rest of the time. I like things. I like a lot of things. I like music, especially the Dave Matthew's Band. I am going to go to a concert of theirs in Dallas of Friday. I am really looking forward to it. I come from a great family. My parents are one of the few couples in the world today who are still married. I like other things too, just let me think for a second. I like birds. Birds are the luckiest animal on earth. They get to fly around all day and laugh at people. My philosophy professor stated a quote from a book about utilitarianism. It said that no intelligent human, no matter how unhappy he or she is would rather be an animal with infinite animal pleasures. I would have to disagree with this statement because I think if given the chance I would be a bird. Maybe I would even be a flying squirrel. I also like movies. I watch them all the time. I used to rent like six a night from the video store but I am really lazy. I sleep late and don't return them on time. I therefore incur late fees. I know what is going on though with this whole return them by noon bit. They know people like me won't wake up by twelve so they will rake in the late fees. They pawn this off as a bonus because you are getting twelve extra hours of movie watching time when in fact all you are getting is twenty or so dollars in late charges. I am aware of many scams. I don't really want to go into them right now because I am afraid of what the proponents of such scams will do to me if I reveal their secret. That last line wasn't true. I made it up. This is a trait I picked up from my friend who moved to Texas Tech. We would all sit around talking and making up elaborate, obviously fake stories just to make each other laugh. So in the memory of my old friend I hope that made you laugh. My twenty minutes are now up so I hope you enjoyed my train of thought. I'm not sure if this is what I was supposed to do but I guess it doesn't matter since it is a completion grade. So I must say goodbye for now. Peace. 


Well then where do I begin. Let's see. I need a haircut. I should have gotten one when I went home labor day weekend. But I didn't. I wanted to go home this weekend, really only so I could get a haircut, but I didn't. My hair is getting entirely too long. At least for me it is too long, I mean I don't have a pony tail or anything but still. I forgot to see when I started writing. Oh well I'll just estimate. I really need to get a cell phone. Of course I would turn it off in my psychology class unlike some dumb asses in there. I mean how stupid do you have to be to not check and see if your phone is on even after the professor tells you to make sure they are off. I suppose they might leave it on once or forget they have it in their backpack or perhaps their friend put their phone in their bag and forgot about it, but it can't help but kind of piss you off when a phone rings in class. All I think is, "what a dumb mother fucker. " Hey look, Microsoft word doesn't recognize the word fucker. Hey it doesn't even recognize the word Microsoft. My head itches. Because my hair is too long. I need to go to the optometrist and get new contacts. I think I've had these for over a year now. I'll probably get them the same color, aqua. Man it is hot outside, it must be about 98 degrees. Not that I am any good at estimating but hey. Like I can't estimate a girls weight worth a shit. Or a person's age. Of course if a guy is smart, he doesn't try to estimate a girls weight. I need to go to the restroom. My stomach is growling. Man my nose is itching too. I miss Jenn. Damn she is beautiful. I wonder if she's thinking about me right now. She is probably in 7th period right now, whatever class that is for her. I wonder if she is pregnant. If she is it's probably mine. Great, just great. I'm fucked. Then again that's what got me in this position in the first place. Speaking of positions, I wish Jenn was here now. I want to go home this weekend. Not so I can go home this weekend, but so I can get a haircut and see Jenn. I wish I had my car so I could just go wherever I wanted whenever I wanted. Then I would probably be out partying and stuff all the time. 


I am about to go to my first sorority date dash with my boyfriend. It is at Malibu Grand Prix. We are going to drive race cars and play video games. The tv has a show on about a man that slit a nine year old's throat from ear to ear. I think that is disgusting. I can't believe our society has people like this. I am very excited about my date dash. However, I have been feeling very overwhelmed with school lately. There is so much reading in every class. I don't feel like I am ever going to get caught up. College is so hard. Tomorrow I need to go get a new backpack and shirt at the Coop. I am excited about the football game on Saturday. This is my first college football game. I think it is going to be very hot and miserable. I will probably complain a lot and want to leave at half time. My friends say that they aren't going to let me leave early. It should be interesting. I also have to go straight to work after the game is over. I am going to do a lot of homework on Sunday. Hopefully I will get a little more caught up. I feel very stressed about school. This week is better than last and hopefully next week will be better than this one. I know it is going to get better. The guy on tv is a psycho. He is now saying that God told him to sacrifice the boy. He thinks he did the right thing. That is ridiculous along with the insanity plea. It makes me sick that people can do these horrible crimes and then plead insanity. This guy is not insane he is just a sicko and I think he deserves the death penalty. Tomorrow I have to go to class from 9:3011:00 and then I'm going to take a huge nap. I haven't been getting enough sleep lately. I guess I will just get used to less sleep. This college thing pretty much sucks. Sometimes I wish I would have taken the easy way out and gone to the local community college. However, I am getting a much better education here at UT. I live at home and commute everyday. This is really stressful because I have to leave my house at least one hour before class actually starts. I am about to go out now and I think this was a very interesting assignment. I am probably going to be late to the house where we are supposed to meet. 


Today has been a good day so far. I only had one class today, Philosophy, and it was better than the first time I went. I get scared here. There are so many people and I don't know where I stand yet. It is so much different from where I am from. My hometown is extremely small and everyone knows everyone so coming to Austin was a huge change for me. Everyone seems so smart and everyone seems to know exactly what they are doing, the classes they are taking and everything. I have know idea what I plan on majoring in. Right now I am undeclared, Natural Science and I don't know where that will lead me. Maybe I will figure it out one day though. I am sure I have too. It is so hot outside. My mom told me that it hasn't rained in my hometown in 51 days. I can't believe that. That is so outrageous. She also said that there were grass fires all around our house. That is so scary. I don't want anything to happen to them. We live so far out and all the fires have been our way. It is so scary. My dad works all the time. All he does is work. My parents are both coming down this weekend for the first UT football game. I am so excited. I think it will be a blast. I have gone to tons of games and they are always a blast. I don't understand this friend I have. She has always wanted to go to Baylor, ever since she was a little girl. Now, she has this boyfriend who goes to a&m and now she is going to transfer to a&m to be with him. And to top it off, they are getting engaged. She has been with this guy for only three months. I don't understand people sometimes. I mean you think you know someone so well and then one day you think you don't know them at all. There are only a few people from my high school here. I am glad though. I want to meet other people, to broaden my horizon. I didn't know my roommate before I moved here and we get along great. She is so nice and I think we will be pretty good friends. I have this one friend who did come here from my high school and she is negative about everything and everyone and it drives me crazy. She gripes about the sorority stuff and about people going out at night, about people laying out during the day, and just stuff that shouldn't even matter at all. I mean who cares about these people. Let them do what they want and don't criticize them. It is so stupid the way she acts sometimes. She thinks that I am the only one she can hang out with here and I feel bad because I want to go meet more people and do what I want without being criticized for it. I wonder what my brother is doing these days. He lives in San Marcos and I haven't even talked to him since I have been here. Maybe I will call him today. He is 3 years older than I am. We get along really well, but he has a girlfriend that he is always with so that is another reason why I haven't seen him in a while. I am in this sorority. I don't know if it is me though. I mean I don't know if I want to tie myself down to all of that stuff. It is kind of hard to tell right now though. I will have to give it time I think. If I don't like it I will just drop out. I am so tired these days it seems like I have something to do all the time. Like I never get a chance to just stop what I am doing to rest. I love Austin though and I am really happy here. My boyfriend and I are doing pretty good too. I am glad about that. He lives in Denton and goes to UNT. It is really sad though that we can't be together now and we are so far apart. I don't know really what to do. I cry a lot about it because I love this guy so much and I want everything to work out, but I just don't know how we are going to be able to handle not seeing each other for weeks and weeks at a time. It is horrible. But, I think we can do it. We have been together for 2 years and about 2 months now so I think it is possible. I don't want anyone else either. I mean he is everything I ever wanted so I don't think I should even look for anyone else. He is the best. Plus, guys scare me like all the STDs these days I wouldn't know who was lying to me or who was telling the truth and so I think I will just stay with the guy I have now. Oh, I miss him so much. I have two Chinese pug dogs and I miss them too. College is such a big change. Especially for me, coming to Austin from such a small town. But, I can handle it. 


Yesterday I went to my brother's football game. He is in 7th grade and is the quarterback of the team. I was really proud of him even though they lost 200. My brother's name is Jason and he is also in the ROTC program at his school (Mendez Middle School). I've always admired him for his ability to go out and achieve his goals. Even though he may be scared, he'll try something new. I wish I had his courage and strength. I could never try anything new at least not on my own. Sometimes when things get to hectic for me, I can turn to my brother and I know everything is going to work itself out. My brother is the only boy in a family with three older girls and people have a hard time understanding our closeness to one another, especially my boyfriend. Until he met me he never knew that a brother and a sister could get along so well or have some kind of bond to each other. My brother's friends sometimes tease him about the relationship that he has with me, they'll say "it's not normal" or "ya'll are weird". But we don't let it bother us because sometimes we fight like cats and dogs but we can't stay mad at each other for long. Onetime on a TV show or a movie, I can't remember but anyway this lady made a comment that brother and sisters could not like each other, it was not sane or normal. He would wait up for me when I would come back from a date or he could not go to sleep until I did. We are five years apart and yet it seems like we are the same age. We both like the same things and keep each other informed about the latest sports trade or the biggest sports upset. I enjoy my brother and the bond that we share because it is unique and that makes it special. Recently, I've noticed that he is growing up into a young man and I get a little sad. The only thing that makes this process easy is that the change will occur on the outside and not in the inside. (I hope). 


My mind is wandering back and forth between what I want to do and what I need to do. I need to study, read about a dozen chapters out of my textbooks and learn the material inside and out, but I don't want to. I want to just remain calm and lie down on my bed with no worries and no setting of the alarm clock. That's all. Is that too much to ask? I'm actually in a rather uncomfortable state of mind right now, or in reality, I've been in that state of mind since the first day of school. It seems I have lost a lot of my drive and motivation, but I'm trying to gain it back. I want it BACK! Anyway, I am somewhat depressed and sad and I just feel uneasy. I want to be able to give my emotions freely, love in particular, but something always holds me back. Maybe I'm scared, I don't know. What am I going to do with my life? Now that's a question which really needs an answer, but do I have oneno, not me! I am currently a biology major, but I don't know if that is what I want to do. I don't want to go to medical school, but I don't know what else would be really interesting for me. I am very scared that I'm not going to find out what I want to be or should be and then I'm just going to be stuck. Competition is awful, especially between siblings. My brother knows what he wants to do, and I am 100% certain that he will be successful, in fact I know that he would be great at anything he decided to do. That's what I wantI want to know that I'm going to make it without a doubt or hesitation. This is the lack of motivation, inspiration, confidence, or whatever, I was referring to earlier. I use to be very strongwilled and I always set my mind to something and did it. Now, I know I still do that to a certain degree, but not as much, I WANT IT BACKNOW! I'm lonely and tired. I want to find some really good people who I can become really good friends with, but for some reason, I'm really not looking that hard. My social skills have also decided to go into hibernation for a while. Consequently, its my first year at The University of Texas, surrounded by 50,000 people, and I don't even go out of my way to meet new people. That is something that is really starting to bother me, but hopefully as I get more familiar and comfortable with the system and environment everything will end up working out by itself. See normally, my thought would be that I would change and rise to the challenge because that's me, but not now, now I am depending on a nonexistent entity to "work out by itself. " Oh well, something needs to change. 


Well, I have just come back from a HOSA meeting, an organization I never thought have joining since it is for future health professionals. But after I finished talking to one of their alumni advisors, it seems certain there is stuff for a business major like me. Plus, a friend of mine is an officer. The only problem I've encountered is the interaction among new people or strangers. While at the meeting, I kind of shied away from interaction with these people but I could go up to a few people. such as the officers, and start a conversation. This has been my tragic flaw my entire life. I have this shyness and this fear of new interaction. I am quiet guy and just do not have that calm easy going matter to break the ice well. Part of the fear is embarrassing myself I suppose. Yes, sometimes I have had the guts to start conversations with new people or call up a girl and be spontaneous. Then, do I become relaxed, however, this courage seems to only come with an individual or a rather small group of maybe 510 people. The problem comes when I have to be exposed to a huge amount of people. I just get nervous and it happens all the time, the confidence just seems to die. I can get a few bursts of courage, but after a while I just give up. I keep telling myself that I have to just stay calm and be confident, but this trait of mine still keeps to be holding me down. Sometimes I even become too quiet and shy with my friends which is sad. That is why I feel reluctant at times to go to parties because of that loss of confidence to mingle and the quietness that weighs me down. But that is why I am hoping to be more active in student organizations this year and see if I can work to build this confidence to thwart off this nervousness of interacting with people. I feel I can do it, and although I may still be naturally shy, I will at least feel more confident in these situations. 


What I feel is that I have disappointed myself so far this semester. I planned on being so much more organized than I actually am. I look around my room and my desk and get really annoyed at myself. I think I am missing something in terms of college academic life. I feel that I should be stressed and overwhelmed because those have been my feelings for the past couple of years. In high school, I was always trying to outdo myself and get more involved. By the time my senior year came around, I was so involved in clubs and classes that I was burnt out before 1st semester was even over. Every class I took was based on the recommended courses for UT. Every club I joined was so I could put several different activities on my application. Now that I am in college, I wonder if I am serious about my major, Theatre and Dance. Don't get me wrong, I love performing, and in an ideal world, I would become a regular on Broadway. But I always secondguess my goals and the reality of them actually coming true. I have performed literally since I could walk and talk. I haven't appeared on any major stages or on television, but performing has always been a really significant part of my life. It has shaped me into the person I am now. I just keep thinking. "is this really feasible or not. " It is one of the few things that I am good at and have been successful in. I suppose I went into the College of Fine Arts because fine arts are so familiar and comfortable for me. I actually thought of becoming a clinical psychologist or a social worker for the latter part of my high school life; I even took a semester of psychology last year. But I came to this conclusion: I have too many problems of my own that I can barely deal with, so how on earth could I solve anyone else's problems? The answer: I could not. I don't know. I guess I will get more into the routine as the weeks roll by. Hopefully, I will be successful at UT. Time can only tell. 


Right now I fell very discouraged about all this college business. Everything is going wrong. My computer keeps screwing up and I don't know how the hell to fix it. I want to go home where I know where things are. I wouldn't have a computer problem if I were home. I have barely any friends here and nothing ever to do but to watch TV even though there is never anything good on. I miss my girlfriend, I wish I was home. I'm sick, my throat hurts, I feel trapped, I have too much crap to know what to do with and there's no room for it. I hate college right now. I don't see why people like it or why they keep going. I think I made a mistake by coming here, nothing is going right. I can't even eat when I want, I have to wait until a certain time or walk 2 miles. I'm tired and need to study but really don't want to. Why am I the one who is always getting screwed over? I want to throw my brand new 2700 dollar computer out the window because it's a piece of crap. I'm not even sure I should be at college. I'm incredibly stupid, I don't see how I got accepted here. I have the worst memory in the world which should help me out a whole lot here. I'm hungry but oops, there's nowhere to get food. I feel like crying all day for so many reasons. I wish I could be happy like everyone else. I'm tired and am going to bed. 


Must I write for 20 minutes? Why? What exactly does writing as I think, called my "stream of consciousness" prove? I suppose magical thoughts that exploit my deepest darkest secrets will arise or something. Of course they could if I really got bored because my mind does jump sporadically from idea to idea but who knows? It never stops and I can never focus on one thing for very long before I get bored. I think I have ADD or something because it is hard for me to focus for extended periods of time which I'm sure if that's a fault of mine or genetic or experience because of TV and how American society has raised me. American society is crap. Everyone blames violence on TV as the problem with the current "violent" America. Kids watching violent shows does not make a kid violent. Rather parents not telling their kids that violent shows are fake or parents that are violent or parents that tell kids violence is ok is what makes kids violent. It's stupid to blame entertainment, of course there are some cases where the TV is too blame. We cannot simply say it never does but we also cannot say that it's the root of the problem. The problem is parents and society today. 40 years ago parents would never let kids do the things kids do nowadays. Drugs, alcohol, sex and everything else has become much more liberal. Lets face it, all these things sell and so now we have corporate America where only the strong survive, or get rich, whichever. How the hell can you call this country so great when there jobless, starving and homeless people everyone, including children. Yeah sure for the 95% of people with jobs, even then I'm sure a good % of those people with jobs still struggle to make it. They bust their butts day in and day out to get what they can for themselves and their family yet we're experiencing the lowest unemployment rate in however many years like it matters to those people who are still unemployed or working crappy minimal wage jobs. Yeah, great country America is. I'm listening to this nice piano soloist on cd on my computer as I type for this long 20 minutes and it's quite pleasant. Whenever I listen to this I think about the girl who gave it to me, Marie Tesi. Even though she's getting kind of fat, I still find her attractive. It's very unusual for me to find an asian attractive, well at least in the past. I find a lot more attractive here at UT nowadays because I think I just had a town full of ugly asians or something, who knows eh? Well anyway, I was so "in" to her, never could get her off my mind. I think I have a problem with obsessing over people, well girls, when I like them. I've never had a girlfriend and I've never even had the courage to ask a girl out. I'm so insecure it's not even funny. I wish I could suddenly build up courage and ask a girl out or even get a little kiss or sex or something. I'm no different than any other guy and one good thing is I rarely masturbate so luckily sex doesn't drive my mind and life. I can focus on other things such as watching tv, playing video games and talking to people. I think I want to be a psychologist, the PhD level, so I can do research or get paid lots of money to advise people. People and their pasts interest me a lot, it's freaking amazing what you learn about people when they actually open up to you. You hear about traumatizing experiences and good experiences and stories of best friends and family and deaths and everything else you can imagine. It's all fascinating to me, I love to hear about it and try to piece together how these experiences have made the person the way they are. It's pretty cool to also, for me because I keep being told I'm really easy to talk too. Be it guys or girls, I hear the same thing. So I feel as if I have some sort of gift or something that allows people to talk to me and sometimes that's all a person needs is someone to sit there and listen to another person talk and they will feel so much better. Given I don't know what to say many times but I know how to empathize and sympathize with people because I feel that I've experienced enough pain, hurts, injustices throughout my life so I'm not totally oblivious to everything. I, for the most part, understand that not everything is black and white, there is always a gray area that cannot have a simple answer. There must always be a compromise that comes from both sides or else it will be black and white and life would be boring. Life is boring as it is, why make it more so? A few thrills here and there but life usually is one big long path to death. How you live your life makes who you are and how you are in the end. Is there an end? Well there could be but that depends on what you believe in. Whether it be christianity or Buddhism or Hinduism or any of the ism's, you know where you're going or think you know where your going. So what about atheists?. Well you simply cease to exist. Isn't that a scary thought? You die and that's it, the void. You don't exist anymore. You are no longer conscious and it's like you were never alive. People remember you but you are forgotten once they die unless your a martyr or a hero or king or anything of that sort, but for the most part you are forgotten within 23 generations. And my 20 minutes is up so I'm done. 


Well after Labor Day weekend I had come to the conclusion that I disliked the college life. Everything had gone so wrong that weekend. The book store sent me home with the wrong book, I didn't have my "IF" account so I couldn't check my email, and I bought a twenty dollar calling card that is supposed to be better than the one I had been buying and it was a rip off. The tendollar card had more minutes on it than than the twentydollar card, and to top that off the darn thing only had sixteen dollars on it. So my weekend was just a bunch of carp. I am not exactly home sick, but I do miss my baby brother and my fiancé. I went home this past weekend, missed the first football game here, and saw the two people I missed most. It was so cool to be home everybody was so happy to see me, it was great. I am planning on joining a sorority here to keep me busy so I won't get home sick. I haven't really met anyone here yet. The girls on my floor aren't very friendly. When I first got here I was bored out of my mind, but now things are looking better. I am not real in to Sixth Street, but the first week I was here some friends that live here took me there. I got my tattoo on Sixth Street when we were here for orientation. I keep saying we, my best friend and I that is. My best friend is my roommate and she is trying to get me to enjoy it here and not miss home too much. I have to say I do like the fact that my parents can't tell me what to do, and when to be home and all the other things that parents tell their kids to do. I was ready to get away and be on my own. My fiancé is at home going to school there. Hopefully he will come up here next year. We are supposed to get married this summer, but I guess we will have to see what happens. It is so weird to see everyone outside smoking in the middle of the night, and to see people going out at three in the morning. At home we have a curfew, and they are real strict about it too. Other than all that stuff, I am adjusting pretty well to the college life and am learning to love it. Things can only get better, right. I know I made it sound like I just hate it here, but I don't. The weekend at home was enough to hold me off for awhile. That one bad weekend made me think that it was always going to be like that. Next time I will be writing about how much I love it here, and I won' t have anything to complain about. 


Everything we experience is filtered through our mind, and if that mind is contaminated by thoughts, preconceived notions, or the need to continuously categorize everything our experiences become tainted. Later when we realize the error, the experience seems somewhat lost because what it was abased on is no longer true. Thinking about past experiences blinds you to the present especially when trying to compare the two. The past cannot be altered by the realization of a mistake, but it can't be relived at the same time. To move along, trusting nothing and everything, simultaneously and exclusively, through each experience, is to forgo all attachment, all security, all dependence, all crutches. The things that you continue, to do out of routine, out of habit is not something done for love. Love can exist without any sort of routine if all attachment is dissolved. Evolution involves change, change can catch you offguard but it is inevitable. To be strong is to change, to adapt to each situation and expect nothing. Unmet expectations, grasping to the future, grasping to the past &#8211;all are causes of suffering, anxiety, and tension. To evolve is to transcend the suffering anxiety and tension and necessitates eliminating the causes of pain that reside in your own mind. People can inflict pain and suffering only if you let them, if your mind is contaminated by constructs. Objectifying experience removes the suffering but also removes the joy. To cleanse your mind is not the same as objectifying everything around you. To evolve is to transcend the suffering and still experience. Everything everywhere is constantly changing so if you hold on to it, its going to drag you around, but if you let go the current will carry you. Kerbey Lane looks really busy but we have no coffee so to flow with the current is to move through the lane of least resistance which only you know because the current is in your mind, it is your mind. The line between love and attachment is often confused and blurred because there is no line. You draw the line and you choose where to stand, but you can't be afraid to run around cross the line erase the line but you must choose. Even walking the line is a choice, you cannot deny that. 


Things have changed so much since I got to college. Everything has taken a complete and utter flipside to the norm. I came here with two of my best friends from high school and now we are no longer speaking. Things get complicated. My plans for the upcoming and muchawaited Texas/Oklahoma Game has managed to break up a friendship very important to me. Its insane that such a petty conflict in such an unimportant situation can kill something that I've known so well for the past few years. Regardless, my life is so different now. I went through high school on a very tight leash with my parents and now I have no restrictions. No more "be in by one o'clock", no more "you can't spend the night out" no more "do your homework". Even though I'm supported by them primarily, I make my own decisions now. It seems a lot easier to go with the flow of things around here, do what I really want to do and not worry about what my parents think is the best decision or the right choice. School has also changed. I love my classes, my professors are wonderful, but the actual academics are a good deal harder. I went to a 5A school taking all honors classes, and everyone told me how the hard academics I was in then would make UT a breeze. Wroooong. I'm going to pull through, I'm determined. I love where I am. 


Right now I am not stressed and I feel very comfortable. However, I feel like I should be thinking of ways of obtaining a scholarship so I can help my parents out. I guess you can say that I feel kind of guilty. I mean putting two kids through college is no joke. I guess I have been pretty preoccupied with that during my entire stay at UTAustin. Overall I like the campus. Most of the parties and events that I want to attend are off campus, but that does not keep me from having fun. The people are generally nice here. That was really unexpected, because most of the people at my high school usually considered themselves superior to the rest of the people. I wouldn't say that my high school years were the best because it was not. However I think that I could have made it better. However, now that I am in college, I feel that I can start my life all over again. All those mistakes that I made in high school are gone and I can try to learn from them. (Such as waiting until the night before a major exam to study) I think that college will definitely teach me how to balance my time. I am glad that my parents decided not to let me work because I do not know how I could have adjusted. However I know that I will have to work at some time during the school year. Hopefully I will be able to handle it. I am pretty much worried about my classes and what grades I will get in them. So far it has not been so bad. I know that the worst is yet to come. Preparedness is not one of my stronger assets. I tend to be flustered and nervous most of the time. A young woman that I knew from high school told me that the important thing to do in college is not to stress. Hopefully I will live up to that. I can't promise anything. I still feel upset that I did not get any type of scholarship. I felt that I worked hard, but then again there are a lot of intelligent young people on this campus and not all of them obtained scholarships. So in other words, I don't feel as bad as I used to. 


     my name is david i am 19 years old and i love to work out and talk to girls i don't know why i love girls so much i like girls who are tanned athletic and have nice breasts. I have a girlfriend i have been dating for 2 years its been to long i am going to houston today i am eager so i can finally get my car serviced and eat good food. UT has so many hot girls god im lucky. i enjoy pasta the castillian food sucks. my girlfriend does not have large breasts but she doesnt care that i check out other girls well she does but oh well. i see a bag of trail mix, it was a rip off they only filled the bag half way. i wish i could rollerblade i havent rollerbladed in so long. man im thirsty its hotter in austin than it is in houston, im going to lift weights monday i look foward to it its been a while. I've been dedicated to navy seal fitness program and all my friends pressure me to screw it and just lift weights. well i never have time to do much in austin, i hope i get a 4. 0 my remaining 3 years here. erin is prettier than my girlfriend in fact if my girlfriend knew what i do with erin late at night and almost every day im sure she would be hurt but i can't resist such tanned flesh. im really not a bad guy i love my girlfriend but i fall in love easily or i used to i don't love erin but i can easily see myself slip up and kissing her. I really don't know what would happen like would she really kiss me back, shes got a good heart i don't know if she would feel comfortable kissing a cheating boyfriend. I've never cheated even though it would be easy for me somehow my girlfriend would find out i know it. i really want to play video games right now. if video games and girls didnt exist i probably would already be a doctor. I am extremely smart well not extremely but i am capable of handling anything i think. i get pissed off so easily if people call me dumb which im not. i don't dress up at all here and i still look good i wish i didnt have acne i swear if i was in a stupid frat i would be swimming in women, why do girls liek frat guys those guys are thick headed they wouldnt be able to maintain a healthy relationship if i pointed a gun to their heads, everyone in austin drives horribly. I swear its almost as if they want to run pedestrians over each time i walk home. fuck them i would have no remorse killing anyone running me over or even try a sad attempt to kill me. i feel im going to be around for a long time. i hope god will always forgive me for things i do, i love god its just hard to include him in my life all the time. my girlfriend just called me she almost told my brother she had period god that would been awful thank god. i hate cell phones they hurt my head oh now its breaking up whata  surprise. my girlfriend  always calls at bad times i find myself rarely needing to talk to her all it end up is doing something i  don't want to do. ugh shut up tracy i don't care go  jamba juice  soudns good right now. i hope punctuation doesnt matter  my computer is so old. thursday night at club 607 was such a waste of time, i saw stupid mexican trash pissing on an escalade i hate mexican trash i feel fine openly saying this because guess what im one of them except i actually have whiter skin and better manners and a brain. i am the best damn latin man out there if only more girls knew, if only i knew spanish. I love trance music, i have not met anyone who wasn't on drugs who likes my music. I ve never done drugs thank god. i need to go to church but i probably won't anyway i havent been to church probably since christmas. man i want more girls. i hope im not sick i think its just allergies. this computer is really loud but right after this its jamba jucie and warcraft time. violent and realistic video games are the best. my girlfriend really hates thinking about death rape anything violent. we are different in areas sometimes i play video games too much, man if i didnt have to drive her back home with me i could leave so much earlier. fine arts major what a joke. genetics is serious business i love genetics i wish i had more time to study for my genetics quiz this friday. i  hope i did well i really like the teachers at UT they are really accomplished not like the joke profs at UTA i shudder thinking about last yr at UTA. 


Right now it id 9:30 in the morning and I wish that I was still asleep. I had a Biology discussion this morning and it was really boring. I don't really understand what goes on in that class. Science isn't my best subject, but I guess I am going to have to improve that because my major is mainly based on that. And if I don't do well in those classes, I can't get accepted into upper divison. I'm not sure. I have been thinking about changing out of nursing because I really want to dance but I just don't think that there is a living in that profession. But at least I would really enjoy it. I wish I were more like my bestfriend in that aspect. He does what he wants because he wants to do it. He isn't worried about his future and I know that's kind of bad, but he really loves what he does. And he is good at it. I just don't seem to be good at much of anything and school just worries me. I wish I could push myself more, but I just don't have the motivation. I try at least. My classes are really hard and I am worried about doing well in them. This is my first time to be away from home and I want to prove to everyone that I am not as incapable as everyone thinks that I am. My own boyfriend doesn't really have faith in me. He thinks that I can't hold my own and that I have to depend on everyone else to help me through what I do. And maybe in some aspects that is true. I have had a difficult time just being myslef. I feel like people don't want to talk to me, or that what I say isn't as important as the next person. Enough about my problems though, right? Today I am going to get a tattoo. I have always wanted one and I have never had the nerve to go and get one. I think it is going to hurt really bad but I think that I am finally ready for one. I have been looking at what kind I want and printed some out off the computer. I hope that they can do the one that I want. I guess I am just going to have to wait and see what happens with that. Today I have 3 classes left to go to. This being one of them. I have a hard time paying attention in this Psychology class. I just can't seem to get interested in it for a complete hour and a half. All of my other classes are just 50 minutes and it seems easier to pay attention in them. But I added this class so 3:30 was the only time that was left open. I had to take it. Thinking about school, I am going to go home and take summer school at SFA. I feel that if I can get some credtis there and transfer them here that it might take some of the load off for next year. I already came with 6 hours but that isn't very many. I am really determined to get into upper division nursing after 2 years. I don't know what I will do if I don't. I guess I will just transfer back home and go to school there if I can't get in here. But I really want to prove that I can get in here. I am trying really hard in my classes, but it just doesn't seem to be doing me any good. I read what I am supposed to and work the problems, but I just can't seem to learn the material. I'm not taking any dance classes right now which is really ackward for me. I have never gone a year without dancing. Last year I was dancing 4-6 hours every week day and this is just strange. I don't excerise in any other way than that so I am starting to feel out of shape. Dancing was my way to let everything out. I wasn't always as good as I wish that I could be, but it was a way for me to prove to people that I was good at something. Here I can't do that. I am just another person walking down the side walk. At home, in such a small town, everyone knew who I was. And here I think I know about 20 people at the most. None of my friends came here so it isn't like I really have a relase. I am going to go home this weekend, and I know it is kind of soon, but I really miss my boyfriend. Maybe I am just not cut out for this large college atmosphere. It might be best if I go home, I know mom and dad would like that a lot more. But I am tired of doing everything for my parents. I never did anything in high school for myself. Mom and I got into arguments all the time and it seemed like my whole life I was just trying to prove myself to her. She treated me like a child even last year, like I was still 12 and couldn't take care of myself. Being an only child I was smothered by my parents and grandparents. I don't know. It was nice getting what I always wanted, but sometimes I wished that there was someone else there to put the blame on. It's hard to handle everything that went on in my family. Someone once told me to write down what bothered you and it would make you understand better about what was going on and how to fix it. It doesn't work. Besides, I get tired of writing all of that down. I am super duper hungry right now butI don't want to eat because I am really afraid of the freshman 15. I haven't been eating well lately. I won't eat most of the time, but then it seems like when I actually do eat, it isn't anything healthy. The only good we have in our room is gronola bars and froot loops. Like that is healthy. At least I have been drinking a lot of water. Well, my time to write is almost up. Thank God because I am really getting tired sitting here and doing this. Also, I have a class in 15 minutes and I really need to leave and go there. So, I guess I have a couple more of these things to do during the rest of the semester. Fun fun fun, I can't wait. 


     I'm really not sure what exactly I am suppossed to write about so I thought I would write about the biggest thing that has been on my mind these days, and that's September 11th. That morning I woke up and things didn't seem any different. I put on my I love New York shirt and went to class. Truthfully, I was very dissapointed with the people here at UT and how they acted that day. People in my freshman seminar were actually really rude about it. The tower played American Songs for about 10 minutes and they were really mad about it. It was   getting in the way of our discussion.   WHATEVER!!  We should have been discussing September 11!!  One girl in the class said,   Who cares!!  People die every day!!  We kill people in Afganistan every day and we don't hold memorials for them!!    I personally was outraged by that comment. How disrespectful for her to say that on a day like that. That night I went with my friends to the memorial at the tower. We stayed for a couple minutes and then proceeded to walk to the capital building for the memorial that was held there. It was awesome. To be standing there next to my friends, people that I loved, and listen to the songs and here the speeches was very emotional. To hear the bagpipes play and see the fireman and the policeofficers. And then a fire man talked about how when they lose a fireman they ring the firebell, so they did that. The whole crowd stood in silence while it rang. It was very powerful. You couldn't help but stand there and think about the officers in New York who had gone into the world trade centers, doing their job and knowing that they could be killed but WANTING to go in anyways. I had to think about all the families who walked around for days not knowing if their family members were dead or alive. Walking from hospital to hospital praying that they would be there. And in the weeks after, hoping that they would even find them dead, just so there would be some closure and they wouldn't have to wonder anymore. At the capital, the police or whatever it was also shot the rifles off. I forget what that is called but that was also a very powerful moment. In almost every person in the crowd's eyes there were tears. You couldn't help it. Then the whole crowd sang God Bless America. Hearing this and looking out over the top and seeing all these people of all different ages and sexes and races holding their american flags up above their heads and just singing GOD BLESS AMERICA was absolutely amazing. I knelt down where I was and said a prayer to thank God for my family and my friends and for the fact that was SO blessed. I picked up the phone and called my mom to tell her that I love her. My family is the most important thing in the world to me and if I lost any of them I don't know how I could even go on. When it was over, two huge beams of light shone up from the back of the capital building to represent the twin towers. It made me think about the pictures I had seen from ground zero of the towers of light they had there. A very powerful sight. The man who was talking over the microphone said that the two huge lights that were shining behind the capital were both there in Pearl Harbor on December 7th. That was an amazing thought to me also. It was also very symbolic to show that the two lights had managed to withstand something that horrible and are now representing hope after another great American tragedy. However, this was a tragedy but not just that. In fact, it brought america closer than it has been in a really long time. I saw a commericial that gave me the chills. It was a video shot of a row of normal looking houses in a normal looking American city. The voice in the background said   On September 11, 2001, terrorists tried to change America forever.   The screen faded out, and then it slowly faded back in. The same houses were there but this time every house had like 5 or 6 american flags around it. In the yard, in the windows, hanging from the roof, just everywere. The voice said   They succeeded.   I think that is a perfect way to say what September 11 has done for America. Yea, so many people lost their lives, but people in AMerica are showing pride that they haven't shown in a long time. At this point in my life, I am VERY PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN. 


I am here in UT's library. I just finished talking with my mum on line. She is back in China. Thought she is far away from me, every time I am talking with her, I feel that we are really close to each other. It is 7pm on Monday night, but I don't really feel hungry, though when I am thinking about the lunch I brought here with me, I feel like having it. Some fruits and a corn.   Though this is the beginning of the semester, I feel like I am having a lot more to do than usual. I guess this is the difference between big unversity and a small college    There are five classes I am taking this semester. Except the markering one, the lecture are all fine to me. However, I bet the exams going to be hard. I have to work hard to get a good GPA, then get into the program I want.   The work on campus is all right. Not so fun and changlleging. Kind of boring. I am not really learning a lot from it. The good thing is that one of the bosses is nice. He makes me feel like there is someone appreciate my 4 and half hours work in the morning. I guess, people usually using new ones harder. I don't see anyone else working as hard as I do. Basically, everyone is chatting and eating. Frankly, I'd rather work instead of chatting. But just not like this. You know what I am saying? Anyway, I hope I am going to get used to it soon.   I love to cook my own food. Saving money and tast good. But i just don't have much time to do so once school starts. So basically, I bring simple food to school or just eat somewhere else.   I have lot needs to be done tonight and hopefully I will survive tomorrow.          


Right now i am simply writing and not feeling anything in particular. I am somewhat upset right now though because my throat is hurting, and this is due to the fact that i have started smoking a lot more than usual. I am a pretty sensitive person so i think that is why it hurts. who knows. I also am feeling a little unmotivated at the moment and i can't figure out why. This is the time in life when i am supposed to be super juiced to go out and get what i want, to grab life by the horns so to speak. This is not happening though, and it is kind of scary. Throughout my life i have been pretty much handed everything i have either through the mediocrity of others or through my own natural abilities, or a combination of both. It scares me to think that i have never applied myself fully to anything that i have ever done, and have still managed a somewhat successful, although underachieving, life. It makes me wonder a few things though about myself and what i have in store for the rest of my life. I don't know if i actually know how to apply myself fully to something, and if i do will i actually be able to stop and apply it to something else. This not only applies to me with work and school but also with personal relationships. Up to this point I have many friends, but very few whom i can actually call close friends. They are just there because of attrition or because i was what some people might call popular in high school. I wasn't popular because of my stunning personality though, but more of what i was;  a basketball player, an intelligent person, and somewhat goodlooking. When i got to college and found that there are hundreds if not thousands of people like this i found out that i am not at all who i thought. I don't really know who i am and who im not, and i am kind of scared to try to find out. When i finally decide what i am will i like it?  Will anyone else like me?  Will it make me happy or will i learn to hate myself because i disdain the person that i actually am. They say that you can be whoever you want but this is not true. You can TRY to be whoever you want but for some reason you cannot always be this way because there is something deep down inside of you that knows better. If i try to be a suave cool underpressure type guy, but fall down a lot, it doesn't really fit. I can want to be that way so badly, but it may never come true. If I accept that fact that i am a goofy dork will I like what that will get me. I am going out on a limb here and saying that women aren't exactly falling all over themselves for goofy dorks. At least not ones that i have met just yet. Perhaps this is just society pulling on me, and i should just accept whatever i am. The true question how do you find out who you are?  I want to know so bad that it hurts, but there is not equation to find out. You just have to go out there and do it, and I am too scared to do it. I don't want to end up like the rest of my family, just sitting around waiting, feeling sorry for myself. I feel so much safer and better though when i just stay within myself and don't wander out of my comfort zone. My guess is when you do the wandering is when you find out who you really are. I don't see the oppurtunities yet. I am still waiting and wondering, hoping. I guess if i knew how to talk to people better than it would be easier to find out who i am. When i talk to people though its like they want to get away from me as fast as they can. They look down on me and they don't even know me. I don't understand why this is, but i am afraid that it is because of   who i am  . I think i am doomed to always be this way, and it scares me. I don't want to  be this way. I am too needy for random people to want to be my acquantance, friend, what have you. I expect too much too fast and it scares people fast. People accepted it in the past because they   wanted   to be my friend because of who i was, but alas now that is not the case. So now im stuck, clutching onto the past like a has been with no real hope of ever stretching out and completing myself. Then i will be like the rest 


     Well here i am writing this assignment don't know exactly what to make of it but i will give it a try. College has definetly been a weird expierience so far frat life is very different than what i was used to back in my home town. My friends are acting very differently even friends i knew close in high school are pretending like the don't know me and its strange. don't get me wrong i have nothing against branching out and meeting new people but i still like to keep in touch with my friends but i can't seem to do that. Huge decisions permeate my life right now, i mean people keep telling me that the decisions i make over the next couple of years are going to affect me but it seems like the decisions i make right now affect me the most. Whether i join a christian fraternity or not its all so strange. People are often so complex and strange. I guess thats why i am a Psychology major. The mind is so complex and even today hasnt been mastered. For example how do i know if what i am typing here right now is my actual real thoughts and not something i think abuot thinking merely for this expieriement.  What is real. . if it is just electrical impluses interpreted by the brain then what is real   - Morpheus. Just thought i would throw that in there. don't get me wrong i know in my heart the foundation of my life but already in the first chapter of this book i have beef with this writer. He explains coincidences in our lives as totally unrelated and people use extra ordinary beliefs in superstition or God to explain them. I don't believe that at all how is mr Myers so sure he knows what a coincidence is anyways? Too me it seems there are too many coincidences in modern day life that they lose their   coincidentibility   and some greater power has to be in control. I willingly get up every day knowing without a doubt that The Creator of the Universe has sacrificed himself for me and i can't tell you how great a feeling taht is. Knowing that no matter what mistakes i make during the day His blood will cover me. Evolution is a big tub of crap. How can something come from nothing. . its impossible defies the system of physics? Even if one buys into the Big Bang Theory which is a load of crap where did that first star come from? SOMETHING CANNOT COME FROM NOTHING. . and the way that things are spiralling downward the farther and farther we push God out of the picture. The more we take Him out of the Pledge of Allegienace and our money the further we dig ourselves until He comes back like a   theif in night   and to be honest i can't wait.  For the wisdom of man is the foolishness of GOD   so the smartest man on our is a fool compared to Gods infinite wisdom. I guess Jesus just encompasses my life which is why I must place Him in this paper. I know Psychology is where God wants me but I watch guard to be sure taht human s don't think they know everything heck even Freud had some akward ideas about sexual behavior in children people are human God is not that is simple. This 20 minutes is actually very long how can i sit and write this long. WHy am  i listening to 311 right now i mean i got the song yesterday but i didnt think i liked them but i guess they make some good music. These shorts from Foleys are the bomb  they only cost 5 dollars. . they are plaid. Joshua keeps talkin to me and interupting me and hes whacked up. . he is the most judgemental person i have ever met he thinks he can predict the future and it really makes me mad. Hes so certain and hes so wrong and it blows. I did laundry today and it didnt take long but i didnt take anythign with me so it just seemed like forever  You know what is the worst thing ever when girls come to your apartment and steal your dvd's without asking taht is about the worst thing ever. I am kind neat like that and i like to account for all my DVDs and when they are taken without me knowing i like freak out. I wonder how many college guys look at pornography. . i bet its allot. i wonder if girls look at porno probably not but ya never know. Why would yo go to A&M i mean its a terrible school. Welp time is running out so i guess this is winding down but i hope i gave some insight and hope everything turns out well 


All this entire thing is going to be about is about my failing relationship with Ben. I think so many different things that I don't know what to think. I can't help but being hurt by him seeing another girl even though we both agreed that we were going to see other people. I just don't see how he could still love me but be with someone else, I just can't because I don't even have a desire to find another   boyfriend   or whatever. I'm hurt so badly right now, all I want in the world is for him to tell me how much he loves me and always will, but I don't want him to say it only because he knows that's what I want to hear. I have to talk to him about this but I'm so scared. I'm so scared that he'll tell me that he just doesn't love me anymore and that is going to kill me. I don't know what to think!! I mean, if he ever really loved me the way he said he did, I don't see how he could already be dating or talking to someone else. I don't know. I wouldn't mind him dating other girls, it's just that it's been a while since he's let me know how he feels about me, if I know and truly know that he loves me and I get just the occasional reminder of his love, then I truly don't think that I'll have a problem with him seeing other girls because I know that eventually I will be seeing other guys too. But even if I was seeing other guys right this instant, then I would still feel the same way about him. I would still love him as much as I ever did because when you truly care about someone, those feelings don't just go away because the person goes away and if they do, then you never really loved the person anyway. I just love him so much and I am sooo scared that when I talk to him tonight, I'm going to find out what I'm scared to death to find out. And even if he does still care about me, things are just so COMPLICATED!  I mean, take when I come down for Homecoming, yesterday he said he still wanted to see me but he didn't really seem very excited about it as I would hope, maybe he is but he just doesn't like to show it, I don't know. But he's talking to this girl and right now it might not be a big deal, and a month and a half from now, everything with her could have gone to crap or a month and a half from now it could have made its way into being something more and if it is something more by then, is he still going to want to see me if he has her??  That's another thing I have to talk to him about. I am so stressed out about this. It would make my day--my entire LIFE if things just go my way, if he just tells me and makes me truly believe how much he loves me then it will make me so happy because that means so so much to me. It's all I want in the world to know that he still loves me because I still love him so much. And deep down I truly believe that he really does love me. I don't think that he ever lied when he told me how he felt about me so I don't see how it could have changed after only a month or however long it's been. But sometimes I do wonder if love is just something that he throws around. Some of the things he's done and said seem so sincere that he couldn't possibly not truly love me, but sometimes I wonder how easy it will be for him to forget about me and fall in love with another girl who is more convenient for him. But convenience shouldn't be the fucking issue. The issue is his feelings for me and mine for him. Just because I'm gone shouldn't make his FEELINGS any different. It can make other things different and I don't expect him to sit around sulking over me and not dating anyone else for two whole years. ALL I WANT is to be certain of his love!! That's all I want!! Is it so much to ask??  God, I'm such a wuss. I'm sitting here crying over this and I don't even know if he has given it a second thought. Sometimes I think I'm the biggest loser for still being so attached to him but I can't just turn off my feelings. Maybe his love for me just wasn't as strong as mine for him, but he means so much to me and I care so much about him. I'm just so hurt and confused right now. And scared. I know that I really need to know how it is and if he doesn't care about me so I can move on, but I am scared to death to find that out because it is going to completely break my heart, I mean be completely devestating if I found out that he doesn't feel the same way I feel. Oh my gosh, I need to blow my nose so bad. I have so much stuff to do today. I have to go by the financial aid office and the co-op to pick up my check and find out about a weekend job. I need to work out and decide if I'm going to go to ultimate frisbee tonight. I need to study. I just wish time would hurry and go by. I can't wait til next weekend when my family comes to see me. I so wish Ben could come see me, I miss him SO much, but it just sometimes seems like he doesn't really want to see me that badly, even though he says he still want to see me and he has told me that he misses me. I just think that he doesn't think about it nearly as much as I do. I don't know though, it's very possible that he could think about it as much as I do. I don't show him how much I really want to see him, I mean, he knows I want to see him but he doesn't know the extent to which I really truly miss him and can't wait until the day I get to see him again and hold him again and hopefully kiss him again. I miss everything about him SO MUCH, I just can't get over it but still I don't show that to him. So he could want to see me just as much as I want to see him but just not show it to me. He could still love me just as much as I love him but just not be showing it to me because I haven't been showing it to him. Maybe he hasn't said   I love you   because I haven't said it to him either, but I don't say it to him because he doesn't say it to me. It's possible that this is just a vicious cycle and that he really loves me and theres nothing to worry about. I just have to talk to him. It's possible that no matter how many girls he dates that he will still love me as much as ever, I just have to find it out. By the time I get to see him again he may not have anyone else, he might be so excited to see me. I don't know. . I just don't know, all I really know is that I HAVE to talk to him 


When I first heard about our first writing assignment, I figured it would be very difficult because I am used to writing about a specified subject matter. But hopefully I can take up these 20 minutes by talking my day or how I feel. Actually, I think I'd like to start out by expressing my thoughts about the pre-testing we were required to do. It was amazing at how some of the questions completely reflected me or something that I might feel or think. I also learned a little about myself, my self-esteem, and my self-confidence. Well, I don't have much of either (self-esteem/ self-confidence). Hopefully, by living by myself and taking care of things here in Austin I will develop these traits. When I first came to college, it was very terrifying because all my life my family and friends have always been with me and even taken care of things for. I almost had no experience about 'living on my own' and 'taking care of myself. ' I mean, I knew how to do my laundry and the essentials, but when it came to asking others questions or figuring stuff on my own, I was not able to do it. For example, I hadn't even ordered pizza by myself! So I naturally hesitated to call up the pizza guy because I wasn't sure of what sizes or deals they had. But I quickly learned here, that YOU have to take initiative and most importantly, no question is stupid. In fact, the question I probably ask, someone else might benefit from it. So I think I have grown a great deal in that aspect while here in college. In addition, I would always do everything with my friends. And upon coming to Austin, I feel/felt very lonely because all my close friends have gone to other colleges. Usually, I'm not very extroverted and won't 'go out of my way' to find a friend. So these past few weeks, I did not let myself do that. I very bravely went up to random people and made pretty good friends with them. This was very rewarding, in that, I don't feel as lost in such a big university, and I'm greatly improving my interpersonal skills. This is a characteristic which I will need for my expected major. I'm still not too keen on what exactly I want to do because when I think about it, I want to do/be everything, but when I think about it again I don't want to do a single think, and be totally carefree! But I think I'll try to keep up my original enthusiasm. I'm thinking about business or communications--at least it's narrowed down THAT much. But I still keep changing my mind in these two subjects. I don't know if I should blindly follow my dad's advice or at least try to see what interests me. Because architecture originally interested me, but my dad would know better and told me not to do that. So I'm really confused about that. Hopefully, I will learn more about myself through my college journey at UT.         


     I awake. From sleep. I don't know. I walk to the window. Stop short. Who's there? A man calls out, I don't know his name. Because he is my father. Black night, cold rain. Stop. Before I choose I want to know. Stop. Awake. I can't. I don't. Even though you are there. The bird it flies. I stop to catch it's beauty, I have never seen this. I ponder my posture, I slant. You stood, you go to the store for some breakfast. I can't eat, you know that, but you insist. I refuse. We fight we braek we die. All for the love. The window it breaks. It shatters. Understand me, I am right. You don't know, you can't know. You don't understand. I can't seem to think with all the windows breaking. The grass is soft on my brown feet. My brown feet. My clown feet. My hair is dense. I see my reflection. I am cold. Who is that? The only thing I see is my reflection. It knows I'm here. I know I'm late. My hand hurts. I bite it off. It's full of nutrients. The back of my head aches, is it the clown? No it's me, I am your clown. I am your savior. The blue ice hates to see it go. The penguin, the clown, they get together. How am I going to tell my mom. Bloom. Prosper and perish. I die and you prosper. The only thing you am I know it is I can't. Follow the thought. Train your mind. Eat at Joe's. The full of my stomach eats at my liver. My house has the potential for greatness. The stops are all out. Pull me back into the water. I can't drown, I'm invincible, didn't you know? Ask me again. Try not to speak. Move your lips without speaking. Speak your lips without moving. I'm falling asleep and I don't think you can stop me. The game is mine. I have won and you have lost. Ask me agian. I ate your pony if you will play with me. The back of my head hurts again. My reflection is laughing at me. Black laugh, why do you do it? Brown feet,my mud is clean. My belt gets whiplash. A cornea operation. We play the game. Again, again,and again. I lose and lose, I can't help it. Yes i can, but i don't want to. It might hurt. Bow. Curtsey. Do your dance. Make the jester happy. Cornrows, fields of wheat. Ha! I laugh at your jokes. I'm crying. Confused, Understood. Understand. I can't . I missed my chance. The pondwater makes me ill. I'm done. It make me green. I'm green. We are all green. Does that pose a problem? No 'm not ask me again. Bye. Don't go. Don't even think about leaving. You cruel hateful person. Lampshade. Where the hell is my bloody lampshade? I'm sorry, was that yours? What do you think ponyman? The question is yours the answer is mine. Can we switch? I don't think so. Didn't think so. 


     I feel really stressed about school right now. I hate my rhetoric class, because she makes us turn in homework everytime we meet which is three days a week. So I am behind in my reading for a lot of other classes that I am taking. It makes me so frustrated that she doesn't seem to care that I am taking 15 hours of credit and I don't have time to read a 150 page novel in two days. I'm drinking this drink called Capri Sun. Its ok but it leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I'm really thirsty though and I don't really want to drink water. Our water tastes gross too. I don't know what is in it, but everytime we put it in our refridgerator, it gets a bad taste to it. Everytime my roommate talks about the water tasting bad, I think of the movie Signs, and that cute little girl who said her water tastes old. Atleast if aliens come to earth, we'll have water to through on them. My monitor is on the fritz. It keeps turning neon shades of red. . more like purplish pink. Or something of that nature. It really makes my eyes hurt when it does that. I just hit it and it goes back to normal for a few moments. I can't figure out why its doing that except for the fact that it is old. I talked to my old friend Kyle last night. He called me a cutie. Why I don't know. I didn't really know how to react to a comment like that especially from him, because we had a history a long time ago, and things were never really the same. I really liked him too. It kind of unnerved me when he said those things. I just kept saying   how can you say something like that to me  . He is really good with mind games, so he kind of played around with my mind for a moment there. He makes me so mad, but at the same time, I like to hear that kind of stuff from him. It does make me feel pretty. I don't really know what this thing is supposed to help me do. . the whole writing in a stream of conciousness way seems hard to do. I just write what I think, but at the same time I feel like I am thinking what I want to write, just so I can write it, as confusing as that sounds. I miss my friends. They are too far away to see. Some of the people who came to UT with me live on the other side of campus and they don't ever call. I felt like everyone already had friends when we got here and their   old   high school friends didn't matter any more. It really hurt my feelings to realize that. I honestly believed them when they said that they wanted to hang out with me when I got to school. My other friends live far away. they all have new friends too. I feel left out or behind, because I don't have a new good group of friends. I really hope that my mom is doing ok. She always says that she is, and probably just because she doesn't want me to worry. But I do. I don't like being far away from her, because I can't keep up with how she is. Not that she is unhealthy all too much, but sometimes she will hurt her back, or she, like everyother human, gets sick. I pretty much think of her as a superhero. Invinsible to the harm of the world. I want my mom to always be here with me. Now I am older and I know that my mom isn't anything other than a normal human, and it makes me worry. Anything can happen anyday to me, my mom, anyone I know. Its pretty frightening, but in the same sense you have to no think about stuff like that and just live life as it comes and live life for today. I try to do that. Maybe that is why I don't do my homework. I could die tomorrow and what would I have to show for it? An all nighter of reading. I hate reading. It is one of the worst things you could make me do. That and writing papers and having my peers grade me. I always feel like I am going to miss something if I am stuck reading. My mom and my sister are avid readers, but I do not share the same feelings for it. Plus if ever I don't understand a word, or the reading gets boring, I stop paying attention and therefore do not understand a single word I just read. I hate it. I have to read books multiple times to understand them and then I might never get it. I honestly wish that reading and writing were obsolete. Impossible and shallow I know. I mean, where would we be without that stuff? No where, I am assuming. Allthough I know better than to assume! I am not really a person who enjoys school. I love to listen to my teachers tell interesting stories, screen movies and make visuals in class. All of this taking notes and reading bores me. I wish school was like my elementary year and like my LEAP classes where cut and paste was the prefeered way of learning. Those were the days. It really stinks to be all grown up. And to think that a few years ago, that's all I wanted to be. 


I don't like being home alone as much as i thought i would like it. i want Talia to come back already. i can't believe she also takes zoloft this is too weird. i kinnda want her to be normal because now i just think the both of us are too weird together. it was such a coincidence that we got paired up together as roomates. i was talking to chris and everytime i do i feel so much more homesick. i can't decide if like him or not. well i like him. but i don't know if i like him more than a friend. i probably like william more. yes i do. i wonder what he is doing right now. it is raining and i don't like that. i hate the rain. i feel scared that something bad will happen. this song is funny. i guess they don't like jermaine dupri. i had some really good french vanilla coffee but now my throat hurts because it was way too hot. i really miss charm and all the guys. i felt so sad because they went out without me. ok the comp just made a strange noise that i don't like. that really scared me i thought i had broken talia's computer. i would really be in trouble then. damn it feels like i've been writing for longer than 6 mins. but oh well. i wonder wat chris is doing right at this moment. i wish i could see him. he can always make me laugh. speaking of funny people, i really miss emy. he's the love of my life, without it being in any way romantic. i would do anything for him and i worry about him so much. i really hope he is doing ok because if he isn't i would drop everything hear in austin just to be with him. the people in my floor piss me off all the time because they are always yelling and i can't stand that they don't have the courtesy to be quiet at night. they really annoy me. i wonder if that comedy show is going to be on tonight. i really like that show. i wish i had more of that coffee. even though it burned my throat. i ate pizza today and it wasn't the best thing in the world. i'm going to remember that for next time. i eat way too much sometimes. i am so fat i don't need to eat more. how the hell did i get to weigh so much?  i just can't believe it. i hate walking around and seeing all those pretty girls. i spend most of the day being jealus of them all. i don't know how to make myself stop eating and to start working out. i mean i have a gym right downstairs but even that embarrasses me because i don't want people to see the fat girl working out. that's why people work out, to lose weight. but i just can't get out of that mindset. it is way too cold in my room. i'm going to get sick. i have to do so much homework. especially biology because i don't understand anything in that class and we might have a quiz next week. i won't do too good on that. chemistry is pretty good i think. i got a little confused last night with the homework but i'm hoping to work that out. biology 212 is not that bad. at least i don't feel like falling asleep right then and there like in bio 211, i really don't like my instructor. she's so damn boring and she tries to be funny but i doesn't work. i really hope i don't do too bad this semester. i hope to get at least b's in all my classes. a's are impossible in college i think. i'm really worried about my scholarship from d. d. hachar, i haven't gotten the half from UT that i'm supposed to get. i really should call the office or stop by. and i should also go and settle the matter with the mental health office too, i don't want maribel to keep bugging me about it. this is really not cool, i don't want to have to do that. but oh well. i guess if i have to. i should write an email to the finacial aid office asking them about my scholarship. or maybe i should try to contact the nursing school. maybe i don't even have that scholarship anymore. that would suck if i don't. i really need the money. i don't want my parents to worry about me or money. i can't wait until i have money of my own to help them out. i wonder if i'll ever become famous like i always dream about. i dream about so many things itz hard to keep track. i'm almost done. wow, that went by quickly. this wasn't so bad. i wonder if they're really going to read this thing. i doubt they have time. 


My fiance is making me do my writing assignment now. He just pushed me in front of the computer. This is my third time to try and do this thing. I'm really hoping that it works this time. It gets kind of frustrating. Jesse wants to read what I'm typing. He's making me nervous because I don't want him to read this, but I'm sure he'll figure some way to see it. He says that I don't trusthim because i don't want him to read it. I don't like loud noises, especially from things like vacuums. Jesse is vacuuming right now. I don't like it when people play music loud either. It just bothers me. I love Jesse, sometimes I just don't get what he expects from me. I am so tired. I haven't slept since I came to Austin. Thats probably because my bed is broken and no one has come to fix it yet. I'm really thirsty. I just walked back to campus from the capitol. Jesse bought me one of those glowing necklace things. September 11th makes me sad. I was is my chemisty class at Maypearl High School and the principal made an announcement for all of us to meet in the cafeteria. I didn't believe it at first. Why does Jesse always bug me. He likes to see how much he can annoy me. I love him, but I don't like to be bothered. I'm starting to get really sleepy. I don't want to go to class tomorrow. My freshman seminar should be a really easy class, but I don't do well speaking in front of people and I'm not very creative. I'm probably the least creative person on the planet. I want to go home. I can't wait until friday because I get to go home. Sometimes I think that I can't stand my family, but when I'm in Austin, I wish I was home with them. My roommate is out with some weird guy she met on the internet. I swear she's with a new one every day. I'm afraid something bad is going to happen to her. Raquetball is fun to play. Jesse and I were supposed to play yesterday, but we forgot. Its really hot in here. I'm usually always cold.  My contacts are bothering me. I think I need to put in a new pair. I'm really thirsty. I wonder what other people are writing about. I've always wondered what other people think about. I wonder if people think as weird of things as me. Sometimes I think really weird things and have no idea why. I really like cranberry juice. Its pretty good. I need to clean my room. My roommate and I are both really messy. It looks pretty bad. I really like frogs. I have so much frog stuff. I feel like I've been typing forever. Time seems to be going incredibly slow. A Walk to Remember is a really good movie. Sometimes I miss working at the movies. but I hated working there too. I guess that's just the way it goes. My fish are pretty cool. There salt water fish and are very pretty. I don't like it when Jesse touches me in certain places. I just don't want to be touched there. It doesn't make me feel good. But if I say anything to him about it, he gets mad, and thinks that I don't love him and don't want to mess around with him, etc. I really don't feel good. My trashbags smell like vanilla. They smell pretty good without the trash in them. Three minutes left. Yay. Jesse freaks out over the strangest things, especially anything star trek. I don't like that show. I'm don't like most things that are sci-fi. I used to though, I'm not sure why I don't anymore. Time goes by really really slow. Work is boring. I never actually do much work. Making copies isn't exactly exciting. But I'm not exactly exciting anyways. I also have no sense of humor and can be incredibly boring at times. Yay!! I'm finally done. That took forever. 


     When is this college life going to get any better. I have been promised a vehicle by my father after i get my license, maybe things will get better. I always thought that college was lots of crazy teenagers doing what they do best, going to partys. Sixth street was fun last saturday, maybe i'll do that again. But i miss the summer where going out and having fun was no big deal. In Europe drinking is part of the lifestyle, no matter what age you are. Every summer since I was 15 i would go out. And even living in New Jersey last year, I would make it to New York on saturdays and they didn't care in the City. Here things are strict, really strict. Not only do i want to go back to Europe, i also miss my family. I hated Jersey last year and couldn'twait to come here and now i'm leaving next friday to go visit my brothers in the Northeast. Its all a big mess. I really don't know what to think. Maybe when I pick up the Audi next week my life will become a lot easier. Atleast I will have a car to get around in. The only good thing in my life right now in Austin ids the fact that my roommate is one of my best friends from high school. We chill all the time and thats makes things easier. This is all I think about these days. New Jersey, my family, my classes, and now my new car. That dps booklet for studying the texas road rules is long and tedious. I don't think i'll ever pass with those crazy questions. It really isn't that hard. I need to stop intimidating myself because its not that hard. Maybe when i get my car i can drive to caly where Guy lives and chill with him. Its been a year since i have seen that bastard. that would be cool since i love the Audi A4. The interior is amazing and the car drives really nice. jUst the leather makes it comfortable to sit in and the stereo system is unbeleavable. The only thing in my way is that stupid driving license. When i get my actual picture i. d. and some insurance i'll be chillin. Maybe I could drive to miami during thanksgiving instead of caly. There i could visit Murphy and go to south beach everynight, where they also don't care if your under 21. The Beach was amazing last year. when we used to fly down from jersey into Miami we used to have the time of our life. Things will get better soon, i hope. 


     wow i am so tired i really just wish that i could go to sleep. why do they put a philosophy class in the law building i will never know. i can't believe that i just walk for 25 min just to get back to my dorm. i wonder what there is to eat tonight. i hope it is good. the last couple nights the food has been pretty  good. man i really have alot of homework tonight i hope the fraternity doesnt keep me late tonight. it is such a pain to have to walk all the way to the house just for a meeting. wow i am really thirsty. i really want a glass of water. i wonder what everyone is doing right ow. i bet they are still in class. when is that girl going to get down here so we can study for math. i need to go get a map of the bus routs. or a map of where i can park so i don't have to walk anymore. oh man its only been 5 min. i wonder who im going to ask to go to the OU Texas game. i wonder if i will even get tickets to this game. my band isnt very good, i better go try and find someone that has a better band. oh yeah i have to go buy my tops pictures that i took. i need to go get a hair cut. i wonder what i will look like when i can't cut my hair or shave for 6 weeks i bet i will look really funny. man my palm really hurts i wonder what i did to it. maybe it was when i was doing gymnastics tricks for people. i wonder if ut has a gymnastics team or what intails being a cheerleader. i really liked it at that last game when they did all the flips. i really hope that ut wins the national championship this year. that would be so cool to win in swimming and football and baseball all in the same year. i wonder if any other school has done that before. aww im so glad that i am done with classes today i don't know if i would be able to make it if i still had to go out and sit in another class. hey my roomate just brought me mail. wow a letter from my parents how exciting. my roomate keeps talking he doesnt realize i don't care. hahahaha he is talking about his macintosh. and his knew program. wow he has a really low band for the ou game. maybe he can get me a ticket. he is telling me a story about our pledge trainer and how he made a stupid comment. it was actually a good story im surprized. wow i think alot. i wonder when it is going to start to get cold. i don't know if i can take this heat any longer. i really want to go watch the simpsons. wow what a great show. my roomate still is talkign about his computer. i still don't care. my roomate i have decided does not stop talking. wow im almost done this wasnt as bad as i thought it was going to be. i think that stream of conciousness is really ran 


     What to write about? I don't really know. Should I talk about my fears of not successeding in life. Of my fears of never finding the true some one. Or maybe about the sadness I feel when I think about my past four years in highschool. The friendships I made and my heart that got broken more than once. Or should I talk about my family. One of my little brothers that we have a connection that is so strong I miss him very much. Or maybe I should talk about the hopes of a good year. Or maybe I should just concentrate on my work here and forget about the emotional stuff, maybe that will help. I came here for a reason, to kae something out of myself and make alot of money because of it. I also came to prvoe and show off to people that I am some body. I don;'t really know what to say. My head keeps going back to the first person I let in my heart that ended up breaking it. Why I don't know I got over him but when you hear that he has a new girlfriend it just hurts. But then I think I must lose weight so when I go back I can make him regret it. But what do I care he is not even thinking about the future. I want to have a good job with alot of money, with a loving and faithful husband, and two great sons. I guess I want boys becasue I really never got along with any girls. Me and my sister really don't have that close of bond becasue she betrade my trust and I don't really know if we can ever have the same bond. However, I I do have a great connection with my cousin who is a sophmore in highschool she knows everything about, just like my mom. My mom knows everything about me too. People think that it is weird that I tell her everything, but I don't. I can't tell my father everything because he has this vision of me that I never ever want to disappoint him. He sees me as this smart girl who can do anything. I don't see it. I believe that I can make anything out of myself, but I don't know if I can actually do it. Is it going to be to hard? I really can't tell. My dad says he will love me even if I don't make it but he says it is nonsense to think that I won't I have to prove this to myself and family and my so called friends that I left behind. None of them have really kept that much in touch only like 2 or three. Am I being selfish to think that my friends can't even email me. But I am glad I left. Most of my friend were under class men in highschool becuase  the senior   friends   that I had were never really my friends I just hanged out with them once in a while and when ever i did I felt like such an outcast. I sometimes feel like that once in a while. But I guess everyone feels out of place once in their life. I think I just have to let go of my past and MOVE on. I have to start my life here make new friends. I haven't even made one yet. I have to break out of my quiet shell and just take the risk and try to meet people. This is my time to live on my own on my rules, I justgot to wake up and do it. I have to focus on all my goals and then just do it and after I do this I should look at the end of the tunnel and see my future the things I am destined to do. Hopefully they will be great and my life will have happiness and success. Now if my roomate will stop talking to me i could write more. Mut time is ending and I must leave now. 


     I wonder why I am so depressed. I don't know if   depressed   is the word I should be using, but I am down on myself because I am a freshman in college and I feel like everyone is way better than me. I didn't do well on the Math portion of the SAT test, so I needed a waiver to get into a UT Math class. I wanted to take pre-calculus, but the Math advisor didn't think I could handle it. So now I'm wondering if I really can or can't. I mean I thought I could because I took pre-cal in high school and did exceptionally well, but now I'm all confused. Am I really smart like I thought I was? Or did my brain turn to mush over the summer and I can't even hold a decent conversation now?  I don't even think I belong here at UT. I think I only got accepted because I was in the top 10% of my high school class. I hope I do well. I feel like I'm going to fail and drop out. I really want to hang in there, but it's hard with 50,000 people, plus other colleges throughout the world. I know that's life, but i can't help feeling this way about myself. I feel like no one cares, and the only person I can really trust and depend on is my boyfriend of 4 yrs. I love Hector!  He's always been there for me and continues to be. I'm lucky to have him. College is confusing. I can't believe I dropped out of their business school. But I figured if I wanted to pursue a career in the health field, I made the right decision. I just don't know what I want to do though. Everyone keeps saying that the first 2 yrs of college don't matter because you're just taking your basic courses, but I think it does matter because certain field have prerequisites and you don't want to waste your electives on things that won't apply to what you want to become. But what do I want to become??  I really hope I go the right direction because I do not want to waste thousands of dollars on a major I won't even pursue or enjoy. I either want to become an occupational therapist, dental hygienist, or physical therapist. I think physical therapy is too hard though. Right now I'm leaning more towards occupational therapy, so I hope I actually go through with everything. I keep hearing statistics of how a lot of freshman drop out, and I hope I am not so completely lazy to the point where I'm one of those freshman. I know my boyfriend Hector will make it because he's in the TIP program and has a lot of encouragement. But I am going to have to provide myself my own encouragement because I know nobody else cares about my standings. I need to start getting involved in community services and activities like everyone recommends. I don't understand how some people have time to be into everything, hold a job, and handle school at the same time. That is almost impossible for me. They are truly talanted. I think the homework itself is too much work. I hope I don't get fat. Ever since I graduated and stopped being in drill team, I feel way more lazy and I gained 6 lbs. I exercised a whole lot this summer and have not lost an ounce. I feel like everything I worked for in the summer meant nothing because I have nothing to show for it. I hope my boyfriend still loves me in return because I see so many pretty girls in college hoping Hector will not fall for them. He says he loves only me, but I am hesitant to believe him. I would be very sad if he left me because we have so much together. But then again he's always been such a wonderful boyfriend and i should have no reason to doubt him. I know I should be less insecure about myself but it's hard. I tell myself to do one thing and it's like I don't even follow my own orders. Hey, my cell phone is ringing. I wonder who it is. Probably Angela. I miss her. Ever since she moved to Arizona I don't have anyone to hang around with. come to think of it I haven't had a true friend since my sophomore year in high school. It's always been just me and Hector with no one else to call my best friend. Angela was my best friend until she found a boyfriend. But she's still my best friend and I love her to death. I came into college with intentions of meeting new people and finding new friends, but I haven't had any luck so far. The only thing close to a friendship was on Friday at the union when some guy who recognized me from his sociology class invited me to bowl with him. I would have but I didn't have any socks, so I watched instead. He was cute, but I feel guilty for thinking he's cute and having a boyfriend at the same time. I also feel guilty because sometimes I find myself attracted to the same sex. I don't know if I'm attracted to them or if I just want to be like them. I'm confused. But I try not to let it get to me. I'm curious about a lot of things, but it's hard to try any of them because my parents are WAY overprotective!  Other adults say my parents are always right and that I'll understand them one day. I am very grateful that I have such caring parents, but sometimes I wish they would ease up on me. I hate when they try to pick my friends for me and forbid me to hang out with certain people because of their sexuality or the way they choose to live their life. I think I should pick my own friends. The people I used to hang around with were just fine. They didn't engage in drugs or anything. I liked them for them and my parents could not see what I saw. It's like they expect my friends to be perfect for them and do not consider the way I feel at all. It's frustrating!! Even though I'm 18 I don't feel like it all. My parents still treat me like I'm 14 and cannot think for myself. I just wish there was some way to get them to see things my way. I've already tried talking to them one on one, but they do not listen to me what-so-ever. They have a one track mind and feel that everything they say is right. I keep telling myself that one day it'll all change, but I'm scared that it may never change. I used to argue with my parents all the time because we shared a difference in opinion, but after a while I realized there is just no winning with them. I don't really tell them how I feel anymore because it's not like they're going to listen to me anyway. It's like they have to hear it from an adult rather than myself. Even then, they'd probably go with their own judgement anyway.  


Well to me I will be writting for a solid twenty minutews so I guess I will talk about a very cool event that has just befallen me in the past few day. Early this summer I recived the new student directory, a directory that shows the pictures and intresets of the new incomming class. Well, when I first got the directory my sister who is nine looked at it first. When I finally got a chance to see it I noticed my sister had left me a note that said,    Girl you are going to marry page 32 named Nicloe Murphy.  I looked att the picture of the girl smiled at my sisters innocent joy and put the dirctory on my shelf, and thought nothing more of the girl. THen on Wendsday of this past week I see this knock out walking down the escaltor. I was walking with some friends and in an effort to get a better look at this beautiful girl I told my friends to go ahead. So I tried to make myself, not that anyone noticed. ok pause I have killed like five ants while I have been writign this thing. any way I tried to make myself look like I was doing something until she neard the door. I then reached out and conviently opened the door for her. She said,    Thank you,   and nothing more but I felt great! Well as I wathced her walk away I felt something in my gut tell me to go up and say hi or something of that nature. Well, I am fairly confident person and I have been known on occasion to go tell girls I thought were very pretty, just that, that they were pretty. I don't really know why I say these things sometimes it just makes me feel better that I told them they are pretty. Ok number six just got it. Ok so I have this gut feeling to go up and tell her I think she is beautiful. So I run up to where she is walking,and I kind of get infront of her and say,   Hi, I just wanted to tell you I think you are really pretty. Thats all thats all I wanted to tell you.  She says thank you and kind of smiles. It must be wierd for her to have some random guy just come up and tell her that, but I just kind of needed to. Well now for the cool as heck part. I reach out my hand to introduce myself,   Hi my name is Grant,   and She says   Hi I am Nicloe.    What is your last name?   I asked and she says   Murphy.  Well at this point I don't know if you can scroll back up to the begining of my story but, this is the same girl my nine year old sister picked out for me to marry! I couldn't believe it! Our conversation kind of ended there I said I would see her arounf and she said good bye. . I am almost out of time but I ended up talking to her on Friday and we are going to go out sometime this week. I couldn't believe how strange this whole thing played out but, I know I have prayed about it and I am just going to keep trying find teh right path and who knows, it might be something amazing.         


blue is a pretty color. this is a very simple website. i need to work on my website. i need to finish it. i never finish a wesite when i start it. why can't i finish anything?  am i a failure?  my parents are really proud of me. i love my parents. i don't want to let them down. i miss them. i want to go home. i don't like being away from them. september 11th really scares me. i was so worried on that day. i can totally remember where i was that day. i was in weinberg's class. i remember how he reacted that day. i went to history to get a sense of comfort. i didn't find it. i don't want to go to war. war scares me. why am i always so tired. 20 minutes is a long time. i'm very glad i've already finished my experiment requirement for class. those surveys were really boring. i wonder how i'm doing compared to other students in my class. i want to read my email. i need to do my astrophysics homework. i'm bothered by my lack of self-control in doing my homework. my finger hurts. i'm really sick right now. i think i may have the flu. i wonder why my head hurts so much. i really want to read my email. why does my neck hurt?  i want to take a nap. i wonder how much i should type. is this enough?  my arm is hurting now. i want some snacks. i need to quit eating so much. i need to lose weight. i miss my granny. why did jo have to scare her?  she knew how much it would upset her. why did she have to cause her to die???  i want granny back. i really miss her. i made a fool of myself at the funeral. why can't i deal with this and quit obsession over it?  was she proud of me?  did i make her proud?  i loved her so much. my fingernails are dirty. i need to take a shower. i'm almost halfway done. i know so much yet i don't know a thing. why is the smithsonian preserving pieces of the world trade center?  shouldn't we leave it alone?  i love kara. i can't wait until i get to wake up with her everyday. she makes me so happy. i hope i make her as happy as she makes me. i just couldn't handle it if she didn't love me. time is slowing down. i want to call kara. i want to see how she is doing on her writing assignment. i think human beings are extraordinary. how can we deal with so much?  we deal with physical adversity as well as mental. my fingernail looks weird. it's been a nice day. my skin is peeling. i want to play racquetball. wow, it's already 525. weird. it seems like i've been here for an hour. i want to be more physically fit. i want to please myself and kara more. i want to be around for a long life. i'm tired of being fat. i want to help myself. i just hope i can. i want to daydream. i want to be in star trek. i want to have those kinds of computers and technology. i want to be a great commander. i want people to be liked by many. i want people to want to be me. i want to be someone that is liked and respected. i'm very insecure and have low self-esteem. why do some chemicals hurt people?  i mean why can't we find some way to neutralize them?  i'm done!         


     I am a little worried about this asignment because I don't type very fast, but I guess this is giving me good practice. I don't know if i should go run before dinner or take the excerisese class that is after dinner. I need to do something because I will get into the pattern of not working out,and then i will gain the freshman 15 like very one says you do. There is just so many other things that i need to be doing. But i know that i feel better if i work out. If i gain weight i will get depresed and i won't want to do anything. I can't believe Jason is so wraped up in working out. i am supposed to be the one worried about my figure. Ana has lost weigh too. How does she stay so motivated, and excited about runing. I would go take that class, but i have never done kick boxing, and i will problay look very stuiped. There are girls that just never shut up in this dorm. And some that always have the perfect hair and make up. That just seems so high school to me. I am excited about the chrisitan soriety. I hope i can find some girls that i like to hang around with. Surley their will be a couple that i will enjoy being around. I hope I enjoy the pledge retreat on Friday. I bet we will be up all night. That means that I will probably be sick again. Ana is coming down on Saterday, and I hope that Amy will come to. Amy has grown up so much in the last couple of months. I can't believe that she is being exposed to all of the Jenkins trama with Jims affairs. That is just a burden that she should not have to have. I know i think about it all the time and i did not have to listen to it as much as she did. It just amazes me how he could have done that. I wonder if he has some kind of mental problem. It would not surprise me, look at his dad. I just hope Graham is not like his dad. Surley Ana would know if he was. At least i hope she would know, for her sake. I think it is funny how Pam all the sudden likes to cook now. She is in her late fortys and is just now learning how to cook. Thats sad. I am glad that i grew up in a family who cooks, and eats dinner together at night. Or at least we did when we  were little. Not all the time now that everyones off to college. It was so wird going home this weekend, it was almost like i had to get used to it again. It has felt so far away for the past three weeks. I don't want to go home too much. I want mom and dad to get the feeling that Im gone, and so then when i come home it is special. Jason made me mad this weedend, becuause he did not come and visit with my parents. I took time out of my schedule to come and visit his parents. His parents seemed weird this weekend also, i wonder what was up. Page seemed like she was jelouse that they were having to buy Jason some new cloths. That is so rediculous. She is a grown woman that can act like a small child some times. She can be very stingy. I can't believe that Jasons parents don't support him very much, i guess i am just used to having the best dad in the world  


     Hi, my name is Heather Hughes. I am 18 years old. I am Catholic, I   like to play the piano, I miss my family, I miss my friends. I do have   alot of friends that came to UT with me, but I didn't really hang out with   them much in high school because I had a boyfriend and seemed to live a   totally different life than they did. They were on the debate team, I was   on the dance team, I joined every organization there was in high school   because it gave me an explanation as to why my grades were not so great.  All my friends here are really smart, they all graduated in the top ten   percent of the class. My cell phone is ringing now. I really want to pick   it up, but I think it's just my cousin so I'll leave it alone. It kind of   gets on my nerves that she calls my cell phone all the time, instead of my   room number when I told her that when she calls it costs me alot, it's   long distance. I still have the same number from back home, so my mom can   call for free. I had a bad dream the other night about my mom. I dreamt   that she had done something really sweet for me,  and I didn't appreciate   it. All I could think about was being with my friends. When I came to   orientation this summer, I hated it! I called my mom every 20 minutes   telling her that I would rather go to Texas Tech or Midland College, the   community college in my hometown. But now that I'm here, I really like it.  I don't miss her as much as I thought I would. I really miss my   exboyfriend. I think I disliked orientation so much because we had just   broken up. We had gone out all through high school, and he's at Tech now.  That's where I really wanted to go. I got in, and into the business school   too, but I really wanted to be in the honors program. I guess I was a   little conceited and believed that I was smarter than the average student   at Tech. Anyway, I had applied really early and hadn't heard from them, I   waited and waited. I received my letter from UT but it didn't mean   anything to me, because I didn't know anything about this college, none of   my friends were going here, and Kit wouldn't be here. But my parents gave   me a deadline and said I had to decide on a college by March 26 or   something. So, I decided to come here. I think mostly because I was upset   that Tech wasnt' as eager to accept me into the honors college, and I also   thought, tons of couples go to different colleges, and if they can make   it, surely Kit and I can. Well, prom rolled around about 2 to 3 weeks   later, and Kit made prom court. We were both amazed. Because he made   court, he had to learn how to dance and eat properly, and wear a coat and   tails tux, which really didn't look that great on him since he was a bulky   football player. So the day of prom rolls around, and Kit callls about 2   to say that the court got a limo. I thought   Great, now we don't have to   worry about transportation!   But then he said there wouldn't be enough   room for the dates, just the court. So I asked him, am I suppossed to go   to prom alone? And he told me to have my parents drive me! I was so upset   becuase later on I found out the court had a choice to ride the limo or   not, and Kit choose to ride with people he hardly knew than to take me. I   don't know if I'll ever be able to forget how awful he made me feel.  Everytime I think of my prom, I'll always remember that. He also said   during prom , that I had been acting weird ever since I choose UT. That   made me even more upset, because he had never brought it up before, he had   always said, do what's best for you. I didn't know that he thought what   was best for me was him, and not a better education. I miss him so much. I   tried to get back with him this summer,and he said he wanted to too, but   everytime we'd almost get back together, he'd say no. That it would be too   hard to have a long distance relationship. I'm really disappointed in him,   this summer he went and got a tatoo, knowing that I dispise them, and   right before he left for Tech he didn't tell me about it. A week later, I   ran into his parents at Best Buy and his mother told me. Each time he does   something like this I vow this is the last time, I'm through with him, but   I keep going back, thinking about how good it used to be, and I fall in   love with his memory all over again. I wonder if he's dating anyone yet. I   d 


     I have just finished my first few days of classes at UT Austin. So far they all seem hard and I already have tons of projects, papers, and tests. I have gotten a chance to meet a lot of people. My roommates are all really nice and i enjoy hanging out with them. I also got the chance to join a sorority here. I think that will be a good way for me to meet some new people, expecially since I am from out of state. I can't believe how many people are from Texas here. It is very uncommon for me to run into other out of state students. I am also interested in joining some other organizations on campus. I just don't know how much extra time I will have though. I am interested in playing club tennis, as well as doing some community service. The people who live out here all seem outgoing and friendly. I still miss my family and friends though. I normally don't even get homesick. I think going to a big college has many advantages. There are a lot of new people that you can meet, there are many good clubs, the athletic teams are really good, and much more. However, I think it is going to take me a while to get used to the huge classes. Also, the bookstore, ticket lines, and other things are very crowded. I think I will get used to it though. My major is undeclared. I can't decide what I want to do with myself. I am very interested in medicene, but I don't want to go through all of that school. It seems long and boring, and I don't even like science. I am trying to find jobs that seem fun and interesting, but it is hard to know what you want to do. I know that I don't want to sit in an office all day, and I like communicating with others. I also know that I don't want my life to revolve around my job. It seems like everyone has a major except me.   I met this really nice girl at orientation for UT. We already decided that we want to live together in an apartment next year. I am really excited to get out of the dorms, even though I have only been here for a week!    My best fried is coming out to Austin to visit me in a month. I am really excited. I hope she likes it out here. She goes to University of Southern California, and she loves it.   I think that I have a little cold/flu. My roommate has been sick and had to go to the doctor today to get medicene. My throat started to hurt and I have been coughing. I hope it doesn't get worse!  I normally don't get very sick, so this is kind of weird.   I went down to salt lake with some girls the other night and we had barbeque. It was the first time I have ever had texas barbeque. I didn't really like it, and everyone thought I was wierd because they all love it. I guess I am not used to it yet!  My favorite resteraunt in Austin is PF Changs. I have gone to it 3 times already since I have been here. It is so good. lettuce wraps, spring rolls, chicken, and fortune cookies!  YUM!  My roommate slept through her class today on accident. I hope that never happens to me. I am planning on going to all of my classes so I can keep a good GPA. It is very hard not to get distracted from school work in college though. It is wierd without my parents telling me to do my homework or to clean my room. But my roommate tells me to clean my room because she hates messy things. She is really nice though, so I respect her and keep my room very clean.   I am going to San Antonio soon with one of my friends to see her house. I think it will be really fun. I have never been there. I wish my family were only an hour away sometimes. That would be nice if I get homesick or want a homecooked meal or something. I can't wait to go home for thanksgiving!  I will get to relax and sleep in my own bed!    Well, my time is up, but I am looking forward to a fun year! 


Right now, I'm a little confused. I'm not sure how one goes about tracking their feelings, or even focuses on them long enough while typing. I'm wondering if anyone is really going to read this. While I'm a little frustrated with the assignment, I think I would much prefer to be the one typing than whoever the poor soul is that has to read 900 some odd of these things for whatever purpose. OK. My arm itches. Now I feel stupid for typing that. I'm a little tired. It's almost 9 at night and I've been at school all day. 17 and a half minutes. I'm sitting in the UGL. I like their computers because they are much faster than mine at home. I only have dial up. Also, I like the library computer lab because I like to listen to all the clicking of the keys on the keyboards by the other people in the room. Now I'm a little self conscious that I may be hitting the keys too loud. I'm typing much quieter now. 14 and a half more minutes. I'm in a chair that rotates and rocks. I like chairs like that because I can move around. I can't sit still too long. I'm a fast mover. Even in class I'm constantly rocking, or fidgeting, or drumming with my fingers. I'm getting tense. I'm anxious for the 20 minutes to be up. 12 and a half minutes. I'm running out of things to say. This is very much like a one sided conversation. OK. I'm stumped. I'm sitting here racking my brain, but in doing so I think I'm violating the purpose of this assignment as being random. 10 more minutes to go. My arm itches again. Ha ha. I have my cell phone next to the keyboard. My girlfriend got it for me, but I hate it. It gets horrible range, and the ring is weak. It rings like an old feminine man. I'm ashamed to carry it around. My girlfriend insists, though, so I do. It's the path of least resistance. I'm better at arguing than she is, but she can argue longer, and in the end, it's her endurance that wins out. I'm swinging in my chair. I seriously hope no one has to read this. I hope this is some study about how long 18-24 year old males typically type in 20 minutes or something. My sincere condolences to whomever has the misfortune of pouring over each one of these with the intent to interpret some psychological insights. 3 more minutes. I'm perking up a little bit. I can see the proverbial finish line. I'm swinging in my chair again, but my arm stopped itching. Yeah!  2 minutes. OK. Now, I'll admit. I'm stalling. I'm holding out for 2 minutes. This is like watching water boil. What I'm feeling?  I've never been so anxious all day as I am right now. 1 minute. I'm stumped. 10 seconds. Bye! 


Wow, this is incredibly hard to follow my thoughts when I am focused on this. It is too hot outside, I really don't want to walk all the way over to Burdine today. My head hurts. College is so stressful, and I feel like I have a heavy weight on my chest. My roommate is annoying. She does not go to sleep until after 3 in the morning, and I can't sleep with the lights on. I am absolutely exhausted. I don't like NYPD Blue. Why aren't there any good shows on when I am actually in my room and able to watch TV?  My head is starting to hurt more. I am straining my eyes too much. My chair is in a really awkward position with my keyboard. I don't know how I am going to write for 20 minutes. It has only been 5 minutes and it seems like an eternity. Cherry coke is yummy. Stupid computer!  It keeps freezing up on me. I hate technology. Our room looks so unbalanced. My side is really decorated and my VI equipment takes up a lot of room, but my roommate's side is very bare. She isn't a very decorative person anyway. One of my friends is coming to visit on Saturday while her husband is at the UT vs. Arkansas game. I am nervous about seeing her. She is worried about me and wants to spend time talking. I don't know what I am going to tell her, because I don't want her to be disappointed in me. I am such a horrible person. I don't know why I am the way I am. It really hurts. She wants me to go and see a secular psychologist if I get desperate enough, but I don't like psychologists. Especially if I don't know them. There is nothing wrong with me though. It is all a matter of learning to bury bad things inside of you. I miss my friend Amanda. I talked to her last night. Skittles are cute and yummy. They are so colorful. They cheer me up. My heel hurts from resting my feet on my hard drive. I am thirsty. I think I will take a sip of my cherry coke now. Wow, it has only been 11 minutes. My tummy hurts. When I get nervous my tummy gets upset. I really need to wash out my cereal bowl from last night. But I am too tired right now. Maybe later. The weather can't decide what it wants to do. It goes back and forth from being sunny and cloudy. I like it cloudy because the sun hurts my eyes and it is so very hot. Plus I am allergic to the sun, and I break out every time I am in it for any length of time. So not a good thing. I cut my finger on my soup can the other night. I have so much homework to do and I don't know how I am going to get it all done. The Psychology book is so boring. I can't get into it to read for any length of time. I miss my drill team. I won't get to see them until Christmas break. It was such a huge part of my life for the last 4 years that I am lost without it now. My friend Heather has a bad cold. I took her a care package two days ago. I wonder how she is feeling. OUCH! I rolled my foot wrong. That hurt. When are my twenty minutes going to be up?  I am getting tired of writing. This is a very odd assignment. I hope I am doing it right. Oh well if I am not. My head itches. Hmmm. That's interesting. My lips are really chapped. They kinda hurt. I wonder where I put my carmez. Just another minute and a half. Hmmm. I hope it does not rain today since my class is all the way across campus. That would not be enjoyable. Especially since I carry my laptop with me. Well my time is almost up. Ten seconds. Yay I am almost through. 


Well now I'm starting my writing assignment for psychology. Great, just another thing that's keeping me from doing everything else I have to do. I still have another chapter I have to read for biology, but I guess I can do that after calculus tomorrow, I'll have a good hour to get that in. And I'm sure professor weiss will end up assigning another chapter or two for the afternoon class. Is that my cell phone?  No, I thought I turned it off. Ya its off, it must have been my roommate's cell phone. Man the awkward silence in this dorm room is deafening. I really wish I would have just sprung for the single room. But no, mom said that wouldn't give me the ?college experience?. blah blah blah. All the experience I'm getting out of this is to avoid being in the dorm room. My light bulb on this lamp I bought isn't very good, it does not give off much light, but when you turn it a certain way you start to go blind, it just does not make any sense. And I don't know who the architect was behind putting these dang bookshelves in Jester. There is not enough room for my computer monitor to be pushed to the back of my desk. and I have a flat panel monitor so that is saying something. I mean I have no space for my books, spirals, paper or anything with the addition of my keyboard and mouse. Its just ridiculous. Even if computers hadn't been invented way back when this place was built, it still makes no logical sense to have the book case as low as it is without completely attaching it to the desk. I mean, they might as well have just added 2 more shelves to the darn thing and called it quits. Nothing could fit back there, its just aggravating. Wow its only been 6. 5 minutes, I've got a long ways to go. I have to do my calculus homework after this, I hope that goes well. The last thing I need is to stress out over some retarded math problem and end up having it been typed wrong so there is no solution and you spend your entire night trying to figure it out when there is no solution available in the choices that logically fits into the problem. That is the thing I hate about multiple choice math problems, anybody can leave off a negative sign and leave you chasing your tail forever. I really wish I would have just waited to take m408l, I already had C out of the way, but I didn't want to wait and have all the stuff I learned in high school leave my brain and be totally lost when it came time to take the class. Plus I kind of like the mathematical stimulation, its totally different than any other kind of study. When you understand a math concept, you really feel accomplished with yourself. At least I do, I'm probably the only person on this campus that feels that way. well on the other hand, there are math majors, so I guess I'm one of few. Great only 9. 5 minutes to go. I guess the good thing about this assignment is that you can't really run out of things to write about, you just keep typing whatever your thinking, even if tends to weigh on the pointlessness of this assignment, its still something to write about, after all I'm thinking about it aren't I?  I still have not even read my psychology chapter. I wonder if that is even necessary, every other bit of reading I have done in my classes has been a waste. Well not a waste I guess, I am learning something about the material and to discipline myself to do the work. I really miss my best friends back home. They both went to UT campuses at home. Dallas and Arlington. I'm kind of glad to be here at UT Austin since we obviously have the more qualified professors and all, but man I'm just depressed without my friends. I'm not very good at making new ones, it takes me a while to warm up to people. After all, it took me 4 years to become friends with my 2 best friends. Everything else just seemed like an acquaintance compared to them. They really are great. I just wish the felt the same about me, but I'm sure they don't. I'm always the one that over appreciates things. I guess that is why my friendships didn't really mean much, because I made everyone tired of it, I don't know maybe that is just total crap I made up. I tend to justify things too much when I should just let them go. I can't believe I have to sit through 2 sessions of biology tomorrow. If they were going to combine the course, they could at least make it be on different days. But no, they have to make it back to back, well not really back to back there is a 2 hour interim between the 2 classes. At least its time to catch up on my reading that I'll no doubt be behind on in a matter of days at this rate. I'm really enjoying chemistry though. Doctor Laude is awesome. I just hope I do well in his class, I hate liking teachers and then doing poorly in their class. Actually that is never happened to me before, I've always done well in classes that I liked. I don't know why people become teachers if they don't want to help students. Go flip burgers somewhere if you don't care, that way we'd only have teacher that cared and wanted to help us learn and graduate. It seems like all my professors will be like that this year. Except professor Ibragim, he can barely speak english, I don't know how he is going to be over the next semester. So far he is been ok, I guess. He gets off on tangents when he can't think of what he wants to say. 


I am so upset with myself today. I am so far behind on my study god I hope I don't fail. I don't want to fail my mom. She would be so disappointed in me. I can't do that to her. Class isn't what I thought it would be. And all the reading god, it is so annoying. Brooke is pissing me off so much. You would think that since she is five hours away she would make new friends and leave me and Lex out of her life. No she has to come down every weekend and steal Lex away and get drunk. Oh man that is so fun. Yeah right. I mean Lex is my friend too. I can't spend the weekdays with her because of school and she works till 7:00 every night. Then you got homework and early classes. God I just would like to spend one day or hour with her just chilling at the mall or the apartment with her without Brooke calling every ten minutes. You have to share Lex, Brooke. My roommate Jana is really cool. She has a great outlook on life. She takes things as they go. I wish I was more like that instead of worrying about everything I do and what people will say. I mean being a girl at UT you have to look pretty to get a guy. So number 1 you must always look good and have makeup on just in case you run into the guys of your dreams. Next you have to have good grades or you will flunk out. And why is it when you go to parties it is cool to smoke and drink. Sorry I'm not into that. I can have fun without that stuff. Jana has this guy she is in to. Supposedly he is a charming jerk. He lies to her, yet she can't get enough of him. That is all she talks about. I wish I could find a guy too so we could trade stories. Me and Jana are not from Austin and decided to drive around today to the mall. Boy was that stupid. I was so scared I thought we would never find our way back. God I can't get over the fact Brooke would intrude into my life this much she is making me so mad. I think I will tell her to stay in Arlington and make her own friends, I mean I made mine. I am so bummed. I keep thinking I am going to fail out of college. My brother is a senior here and he is an electrical engineer major while majoring in business too. He was salutatorian in high school and I was only 8th. I am afraid I won't do as well as him and my parents will be ashamed. I mean I have a Kinesiology major. That is a joke to everyone I know. I haven't read any of my chapters in my books and am afraid I have a test or quiz tomorrow. I am going to have to cram. I just don't want to fail. I am so scared about this. I know I will fail if I don't straighten my act up but don't have the will to do that. I'm too lazy and tired of school. I just want to go out to the Real World" now and start my job as a coach and teacher. It would be a lot more easier. I figure if I just concentrate it will be okay, but the problem is I don't have any concentration in me. I feel like I have ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder). I really don't but it feels like it because I lack so much energy and motivation. I hope school is okay tomorrow because I do not want to have a bad day. I hate bad days they make me sad. 


I have no clue how to start this. I haven't bought my psychology book yet. Is that bad? I wish I could do that DJ thing at the beginning of class. The guy last time played horrible music. I made a friend in that class named Kelly. She seems cool. I hope we get to hang out. This feels like a diary entry. Is that what it's supposed to be like?  Today Natalie and I went down to a free barbecue thing and met some new people. One girl we met reminded my of my ex-boyfriends new girlfriend. It really got on my nerves. Not because I'm jealous, just because it was like her twin and being around that was just an odd situation. Rob is really annoying me. I'd like to just stop talking to him altogether. But hang out with him at the same time. And Eric. I don't know what to do with Eric. I don't know if I love him or not. I don't know if I'll ever really be in love. He says the sweetest things to me, so it's easy for  me to say sweet things back to him. But I don't know if I really feel it or not. I think I'm really heartless. And I haven't been in English for a long time! I'm forgetting whether to capitalize the I" in some words. Odd. My arm hurts. Am I going to have to keep this up for 20 minutes? I wonder if some people write really poetic things in their stream of consciousness writings. Mine is all boring teenage bullshit. Let's try and write something deep. It's quiet in the dorm hall, save the occasional dorm slam. All the girls are in their rooms, wasting tears on heartless boys and wasting brain cells on pointless worksheets. The faint shimmer of hope of the future they saw on the first day of college has almost completely faded, all in a couple of days. Soon those heartless boys will do something so horrendous, and the girls trust in men will be shattered for good and ruin all relationships in the future. Aaaand I'm spent. That was so lame. Bullshit, as my English teacher would say. He is really cool. He made us write about a chair the other day, which was very interesting. And he taught at Pomona, which is my Harvard. I would love to go to school in California. Hopefully next year I can go to SFSU and be near Eric and see if this thing will really work out. Are boys the only thing on my mind? Am I really that shallow? At this moment, I'm afraid so. I blanked. I have to start a new stream. I'm losing a lot of weight, I think. My wrists are smaller than they used to be. I don't know why that waifish look appeals to me. I want to be super skinny. And if not eating is how I have to get there, I just might do it. I don't think I'm fat right now. There are just parts of me that could be smaller. And I'm too lazy to work out, so not eating will solve all of these problem areas. I'll be the anorexic that always eats Milky Way. Because those are so good and I could never give them up. When do I become an adult? I have no clue where that came from. But really. When? It's really quiet in here. I can hear Natalie typing on occasion. She is a good student. Always on top of things. Our room smells like new carpet when you first walk in. The other day it smelled like Clam Chowder. Not pleasant. I miss my family. I never thought I would. I don't miss them so much that I'd cry or be terribly homesick. I mainly miss the meals. And the fact that if I was sick they would go and buy me what I needed. I took birth control for the first time on Friday and it made me sick and there was no one to take care of me. It made me appreciate my mom so much more, which I rarely do. Yes, I am a spoiled brat. I didn't get as much stuff as other brats did, but I am one nonetheless. And I have no concept of money because I am willing to shell out another couple hundred bucks in October to go see Eric again. And my mom will be furious at me if she finds out. I'm not going to tell her this time. I'll give Natalie all the information. And pray my parents don't come down for a surprise visit. I like our dorm room. It has a lot of character. I love our posters. Natalie and I have the same tastes in a lot of things. Of course, I'd much rather have my best friend Monica as a roommate. I miss her so much. And with her, I do miss her to tears. She is the only one I could be myself around. I love her so much. And feel horrible about what I did to her last year. I blew her off. I wasn't a good friend. And I'll never forgive myself for it. The girls across the hall from us just got home. I don't like them that much. Jenny is nice. She listens to Morrissey. And, however stereotypical that is, we think she is gay because of that. Most Morrissey girls are lesbians. And Paige, the other girl, is really stuck-up. And she listens to lots of local bands from Dallas that I despise. So yes. It takes a lot for me to warm-up to people. I'm very selective with friends. Which I shouldn't be because I'm not the coolest person to hang out with. And boy do I have low self-esteem. I constantly put myself down. Eric gets annoyed with it. And I type really hard, too. I think Natalie is annoyed with this sound right now. Oh well. Seriously, is someone going to read this? Is there a right or wrong way to do it? I hope not. I'm sure I'm doing it the wrong way. Rob just told me that he is joining the army. I don't want him to. And I told him why. And he told me not to be punk rock because I'm an indie princess. That's so lame. Just because I listen to that kind of music doesn't mean I can't have political views. And this was a good exercise. Very therapeutic. Thank you, Professor! 


Laughing, sad, wondering why?  Failed dreams, friends, lost. Can't seem to get away from people. Why do people change, what happens later on?  Help. Everything seems to come together all at once and fall a part soon afterwards. People never grow up, promises are never kept. Life goes on, right?  Learn to live with people. Learn to get along with those who don't attempt to get along with you. What have they sacrificed yet?  Does anything matter except themselves?  Sometimes you just need someone to talk to. To let understand where you're coming from. Does anyone see what's happening?  How long until everything's back to normal again?  How long until I can trust? What went wrong?  Somewhere, I lost the truth, reason, my smile, yet still I hurt and cry and need. I love this boy. But why is he the only one that provides comfort. It can't be healthy, can it?  How come no one else seems adequate anymore?  Life has to keep moving doesn't it?  But why do things work out this way. What happens in the future?  Where does all of this lead?  questions, questions, questions  I feel like everything is falling a part right in front of me. College changes people, and some people grow, yet some people stay right where they were to begin with. Why don't people understand, or listen, or care?  Overwhelmed, just overwhelmed. Things haven't clicked" yet  Lonely very lonely, need someone to talk to, really talk to and not just over the phone every night, not someone who knows who you are, or someone who cares about you, just someone who will listen and then talk back. who doesn't care if you drink this weekend, and won't judge you by your mistakes or jealousy, or stupidity, or friends. Why do people always compare you to your friends can't you just be you, you don't have to have the same values as your friends, the same beliefs, or the same morals, yet people always seem to worry about you when it's one of your friends who screwed up. hate disgust disapproval attention  I need a hug, I just need to be held while I vent or cry, I need to cry to let everything out, but then I read that venting isn't proven to be healthy, but was it proven to be unhealthy?  And yet vitamins supposedly don't help you but they make you feel better, so can't I vent and cry just so I feel better?  Why don't people change? Do I have a one track mind/   why do I care so much. Maybe I'm the one who needs to change, maybe I need to try out what's bothering me so much, but maybe I don't. I want my own bed, I want my privacy,  is it too much to ask for her stuff not to be thrown on my bed all the time, can't she set it on hers so that I don't have to move it in order to go to sleep, and if you come in at one in the morning and the lights are off, don't leave them on when you leave five minutes later, especially when someone's sleeping. I'm hurt, I feel hurt, and betrayed and I question a lot now, because I used to think that I knew who she was, she used to be a really close friend that I could talk to about anything, yet now all I see is someone in need of constant attention. so how do I know who any of my friends are?  Or my boyfriend?  DO I really know who he is/?  I think I do. but what if something goes wrong?  And I lose him, my best friend, also. what if he gets tired of listening to me, and gets tired of my friends or finds someone else, or gets tired of having to support me?  I'm high maintenance but is that bad, and not in the fashion that I like gifts, I don't really, I just like being held and talked to and spoiled I guess you call it  I really don't know where it all comes from I just expect more in a best friend so that it's harder to live up to so that there's less a change of being hurt or quit on or left behind, or scared or in love, but what is love anyway? 


I want to listen to more music. I don't know what song to download next. But oh well. I love listening to music when I study. I wonder why? I like listening to rock and alternative. That is weird I guess. Most people would listen to classical or other soothing music. But I like studying to louder, cooler music. I guess that makes me weird. I wonder how things are going at home. I want to go back this weekend, but I know that I can't. I have a lot of work I want to do, and I really want to finish my Calculus before the due date. I should sign up for tutoring down at Jester. So far the class has been ok though. I understand what the teacher is saying, and I am not having that much trouble with my homework. I hope my boyfriend comes to see me this weekend. But I know that he is going to be really busy with his internship. He has to finish it soon so that he can pay more attention to his school work. I guess I may be asking to much of him. I don't want to pressure him to come, so maybe I won't mention it. I still wish he could come though. I wonder how Molina is doing? She is like 5 months already. She is getting pretty big. I wonder if she knows that Natalie is having twins. So many girls are pregnant back home, that is kinda sad. Most of them are really smart, and they could have done so much with their lives. I'm cold. I wish I could turn of the air conditioner. Well, at least it's better than it being hot. Norma still hasn't figured out how to turn off her alarm yet. It keeps beeping every hour. It is getting on my nerves. I wonder if I take the batteries out if she would mind. I'm thirsty. I should get some water. But I don't want water, but that is all I have. I need to get a job. I don't know how I am going to pay for the spring semester. I can barely pay for the housing as it is. I need more money. I hope everything is going ok at the Ranch. We need the place to do better, or if not than one of us is going to have to quit school. I don't want to quit, but if it comes down to one of us having to leave, then I would rather it be me. My brother is doing well, and my sister only has a year to go. I have only barely started, I can wait a bit longer to go to school. Till then, I can help out at home, and work with my parents at our restaurant. My foot went to sleep. I should move so it can wake up. I have so much work to do today. I need to study and reads a lot of stuff for class. I wonder how my friends are doing in class. I want to see Vanessa. She should have told me that she got married 2 weeks ago. She said she forgot to tell me that she had gotten married. That is a stupid reason. How can someone forget that they had gotten married? I won't get mad though. I am happy for her. I wonder if Manny will ever ask me to marry him. Sure we have talked about it, and we both have said we want to spend the rest of our lives together, but still. Knowing him, he will get very nervous and scared and not want to ask me because I could say no. It is just like when he wanted to ask me out. I knew he liked me and he knew I liked him, but he couldn't ask me. So I finally made him ask me. I said,? We are not going anywhere until you ask me. ? So he finally did. I hope him asking me to marry him won't be the same way. That is definitely not how I picture my future husband proposing. Well my time is almost up, but I need to keep going. Norma is back in the room. She can never get her days straight. She just left again. I guess she is going to the bathroom. Wow, time is almost really up. Time flies by when you are just typing what your thinking. I think that is really cool. Oh well. My time is up now. But I am still thinking. I have pretty much said my life's story, that is really weird. I thought all I would put down was how my day had gone. You know, like a lot of crap just to fill up space. I should stop now because I have a lot more things to do. I think I will stop now. 


I guess I have to tell you about how I feel right now. I feel awful. I don't know how to spell that. I am just so depressed at the moment because of everything that has been going on right now. geez what to type. I hate katie. she is an evil person and I wish that I had never met her. I am just so tired and exhausted. I don't' want to go do anything. I don't' want to go do anything. my head hurts. wow this is harder than I thought it would be. I keep messing up on my typing and it really sucks. I don't know what Professor Pennebaker wants me to say exactly. how do u spell hmmm. ? I just sighed a big sign of frustration and now I want it gone. I miss my best friends so much it's not even funny. I really wish I was home right now and they were with me so I didn't have to deal with this right now. what do I say next. I know I wanted to say something but I can't remember what it was. haha this is too funny to me for some reason. typing what I'm thinking in my head is funny, but it actually makes my head hurt. I guess that's because I'm typing in the dark. go me. I wish this was over. I wish this was over. I wish this was over. I want to go home. I want to go home. I really don't know what I want right now, but I know I am sick and tired of feeling like crap. I have a sore throat, and I have no idea why, but it really hurts. And I , and I , come on come on come on. what was I about to say? um. oh right I used to be such a happy person and I was until I moved out of my room and now feel like this big outsider that no one wants to associate with. It is really killing me inside. I feel like crying everyday and I have no idea what to do. I was such a happy person in dallas. seriously! nowadays I just sit in this room alone. I know I wish I had a roommate so I could talk to somebody! I really don't like not being able to communicate with the people on my old floor 15. I mean now I feel like I'm betrayed and so much of an outsider that I don't' want to do anything or be anything at the moment. I haven't felt like this since high school where all my friends went to the other school, and I wasn't the pretty enough girl to talk to. Katie sucks so much you have no idea. She is the biggest bitch I have ever met. I wish I never met her. no I just have nothing nice to say about her. it kills me because I don't' want to be the person who hates people because I used to judge people so much back home that gosh I don't' know I don't want to be that way here. I really want to be liked and have fun and just be who I want to be but I can't do that now with this thing thing THING just hanging over my head like a bad mother f**king migraine. I am not typing that. I guess I just did. I don't know what they'll think of my cussing but that is so how I feel right now. I've talked to counselors and people and more people and more people and my mom and my mom and my mom gosh my mom and mom and mom and mom and mom I could keep going on this if you would like but I don't think you would because I would just type mom for like 20 minutes if I could. I don't know why I just said 20 minutes I think that's funny because that' how long I have to do this. gosh kill me now. I'm just so tired mom mom mom mom mom mom  MOM MOM MOM MOM I really hate my mom right now for making those freaking phone calls. all she ever does is not listen or listen too hard. there is a hair in my nose. how do you spell aew no oww like the pain feeling? I don't know. I really don't' care I just want to finish this so I can go scream and cry and jump out that freaking window. I don't even know why I'm saying this stuff because I'm not suicidal I'm just pissed off and don't have any other way to stop my feelings. I don't' know how to stop my feelings. I don't' like typing and thinking at the same time  tickle tickle tickle because then I have to say everything twice so I can type it out because I can't type very fast. I have bad grammar, and my mom would hate that right now especially if this is for a class which it is so I guess she would hate this. my arm is tired from writing so fast. my head my head my head my head my head my head I can't find the h key so I almost typed yeatd. hahaha my leg hurts too and my back and my head and my neck. my leg really hurts. it's tingling now. 


Last week I took a Chinese Clep test. It started out very well, I understood everything that the recorder played and was able to answer all the questions. As you know, the Cantonese language is written in two different formats. One way, the tradition way, was the one I learned since I was a little kid. The other format was a newer, I believe it originated in Hong Kong or something, was much like the original except more scribbled-looking". Anyways, I opened the next section of that test and it all looked like scribbling to me. So I spent most of the remainder of time sifting through and guessing at words. Then, I decided to just skip through to the end. That is when I figured out that the back part of the test was the traditional format. "Damn it!" was the first words that rushed through my mind, along with a whole stream of foul consciousness. But of course, that was last week, and I already have my results back from the test. I believe I did relatively well. Relative to my usual grades in my classes and tests. Today, Monday, is the first day I have been to my RLM Biology discussion, thus making the actual first full week of school. I must say, I am completely exhausted. Biology discussion was quite an episode. We had an TA that had a really really bad accent. Much worse, he tried to give an oral review, and when he asked questions, everyone in the class stared at him blankly. Some ventured a guess softly, but the entire process took most of the discussion period. Then we took a quiz, which I found to be a bit difficult because I didn't understand teh oral review. I had to buy books today. Spent a whopping 129 dollars just on two stupid books that I probably won't be needing much. I could have found many many other uses for that 129, but this is college, land of the rich and prosperous, haha. Geez, look at my grammar in this essay, I think my english teacher would have a heart attack. Psych class was pretty interesting today. Dr. Pennebaker brought in a polygraph for demonstration in the class. I was completely fascinated by the experiment. Too bad I can't say the same for my Philosophy class. Its not a boring class, its just that he is got this very very soft weird voice, almost commanding me to fall into deep sleep. And so I obeyed. I notice that when I'm sleeping in class, my body still attempts to take notes while my brain is on standby. But of course, I wake up to find a whole lot of scribbling on my paper that does not make any sense whatsoever. You can definitely tell at what point in the lecture I crashed. The funniest part is, I lent my notes out to a friend that just got into the class, wishing him good luck. I think since I have been here at UT for the fall, I have become more stressed about little things and uncaring about other things that should be worried about. I have been wondering about how my friends have been doing, wherever they went. I worry about other stupid things that I feel the need not to bring up at this moment. However, I have not been worrying enough about schoolwork. I have been recreating too much. This weekend though, we went to Barton Springs to see a friend that came up to visit us from UTSA. Barton Springs was nothing like I had imagined. I absolutely loved it. Everything except the coldass water. Then on the trip back, with the windows rolled down and the wind in my face, it felt so good. It felt like summer again. Of course, I had enrolled in the UT Summer program. A little bit of work, but a lot less crowd. I miss summer. 


I am thinking about why exactly I am writing this. I am thinking about how each of my fingers move to touch the keys. Roseanne is on and it is starting to distract me. I really should pay attention to the writing but the sound of the people speaking is distracting me. The show is talking about feminism, which brings up an interesting point. I really don't like women who are amazingly feministic. I just forgot what my next thought was. Oh well, I feel kinda of hungry. Maybe I should get something to eat. But instead I have this laptop sitting on me while I try to type my steam of consciousness. Speaking of stream of consciousness, which I spelled wrong above. The stream of consciousness is something that I read in the textbook. Some doctor of psychology came up with this idea that monitoring the stream of consciousness will lead to people understanding more about themselves. Roseanne just made a joke and it is funny. But as I was thinking or writing which ever one your prerogative chooses. Before I digress, or maybe I will or maybe I won't. Now that I choose to reflect on my day I realize that I didn't get that much accomplished, but there is still a lot of the day left. I am really not sure where I am going from here. There was just a commercial about the aggie came against utah. boy I sure do love hi I just answered my phone and it is Kristi my friend she is also in psychology. we are talking about this assignment. she is walking back from the dobie center. I am supposed to meet her and her friend Richard. I am going to play Richard in football on the video game. Boy I really like football. Like I was saying I love football and I can't wait till the game against Arkansas. Boy that is sure going to be a good game. I just happened to notice that I only have six minutes left to write. I really like this assignment it is really fun. My hands are getting tired of typing and I just thought back to when professor said that someone put in instructions to a vcr that is definitely funny. I really don't like Roseanne but somehow she is getting my attention. I am really trying to concentrate on what I am thinking but I believe that is the reason it is hard for me to write more, because I am thinking so hard. My computer fan just turned on and that means it is starting to get hot. But in here it is actually cool. Speaking of my dorm room, I really like it. Well my 20 minutes is up but I am just going to finish writing this last line right here. 


I just woke up and I am feeling so drowsy. I just went to a belly dancing show yesterday and I am thinking about how fun it was. Man  that iranian guy at the club was so hot, I wish I could go up to him and talk to him, but I'm too scared. I feel like I'd be rejected in two seconds. He didn't even look at me, or did he? that dirty old arab guy was freaky though, he kept asking me to dance with him and that made me really uncomfortable. I am really really hungry, and the droning of the refrigerator isn't making the situation any better. I'm afraid to even open the refrigerator door because it smells so bad in there. We really need baking soda. I wonder if the chemistry test is going to be hard, I really hope I understand the difference between atoms and molecules and I don't completely blank out during the test. This assignment is really cool, it's helping me empty out everything in my head. it is extremely cold in here and I want to go talk to that guy on the second floor. He was such a nice person and I haven't really met any Iranians here. I hope the iranians in the ISACO club are nice and they aren't like all those fake iranian girls that dye their hair blonde and all have nose jobs and live at the mall. That reminds me of Bahareh, she was such a rude, mean stupid girl. She had no right in saying those things to me, and for some reason I can't get over it. I am thinking of Erfon, I wonder what happened to him, he reminds me of Kourosh, I hope he doesn't become afraid of me like kourosh did though. I wonder why Kourosh is acting like that? I haven't talked to him in a really long time, he shouldn't be intimidated by me! Anyway my hand is beginning to hurt and my pants are really loose on me I think if I lose any more weight they will fall off! UT's campus really makes you work out man, I wouldn't have even lifted a finger if I had gone to a college in Houston, but this school makes you work. I am taking a lot of science courses, and I hope I can handle it. I talk to God at night and I hope he hears me, I hope he helps me get through all my classes successfully, I mean, my parents expect me to get all A's. Dad said if I don't' come home with a 4. 0  GPA then I shouldn't even come home. That's not fair and how come they always compare me to Neema? It's not fair that I'm known as the not so good" kid, even though I've never done anything BAD in  my life. I mean for God's sake I've never even gone on a date so why should they think I'm the "BAD KID"? I guess it's because Neema gets along with mom so much better. I really wish I had a good relationship with mom, it sucks how we can't get along ever. She was right when she said yesterday that we can't stand each other for more than a few seconds a day. We just don't understand each other, she keeps lecturing me and it pisses me off. There is only so much one person can stand, you know? I can't take being lectured three hundred hours a day, it makes me sick, how would you like it if someone kept telling you bla bla don't do this bla bla don't do that. Dad is so much easier to get along with, although he has a temper like a mofo and he is stubborn as hell! He is such a kind gentle man, I love my dad, he works so hard for our family, I hope to repay him with success. I hope he lives forever, I hope they both live forever. My legs are beginning to hurt and there is a piece of hair that has fallen on my arm and it tickles me! For some reason, I woke up this morning and my hair was curly, it was the strangest thing, usually my hair is a giant nappy fro, but today it was pretty and silky. Ut isn't as humid as houston, and I'm glad. Dude I really miss Nasim, she is such an awesome person. I emailed her the other day, but she never ever checks her email. I wonder why I never call anyone! I feel so rude when people call me and tell me, "uh how come you haven't called us that's so inconsiderate" but I'm just not a phone person, I guess. I really should call people back and let them know I care, I think I get this aspect of my character from mom because she doesn't like calling people either. It's not that I don't like talking to my friends, it's just that I never think to call them. I will though, definitely, today I will call sogol and ponta and nasim. I will call stephanie and jennifer and batool. Well I'm sitting in a room that is covered with various books and study guides and it's all a bit overwhelming. I really hope I can handle everything, although, I seem to switch out of every class I think is too hard. which is really a dumb thing to do because it means I can't handle challenges. I really need to swallow my fear and just take risks. I would take risks although all my friends are grandmas and they are so cautious that I think it might be rubbing of on me too. I need to go find friends that don't mind driving around campus at 2 a. m. but I don't want friends that drink. What on earth is up with drinking? what is so great about it? There is no way in hell I'm going to drink. So many people have told me "oh don't worry marjon, you'll start drinking when you get in college" Uhhh no I'm not, I think I know myself better than anyone else knows me and I know I'm not going to drink. I don't even think I'm going to date, I'm so afraid of rejection. I've been rejected a million times before in my own head that I can't fathom going out and actually trying to get a date. I mean I don't really know if people reject me, I think I'm being paranoid when I say that, sometimes a flicker of someone's eye sparks me off and I think they don't like me. I guess that makes me kind of insecure, or paranoid. Sometimes I make too much of situations, I over analyze and I think that what was a casual gesture was a gesture of hate? I don't know what I'm getting at here, perhaps I am not a very good judge of character. Although if I weren't a good judge of character than I would have horrible friends. Like nasim, nasim's friends are absolutely terrible, they teach her bad things and they put holes in her brain. She is such a pretty girl I wish she had stray away from that stuff and start studying so that she can come to UT. Man if you have brains and beauty, that's a big plus in this world, everything in America is aesthetic, I've noticed that. People are more inclined to talk to you if you are pretty. People don't give a crap about you if you aren't pretty. It's so superficial and stupid. I wish people's inner beauty could shine through, because most of the really gorgeous girls aren't deep. they are like a pond they are so shallow. I think it is time to get up because my feet have both fallen asleep and I know when I stand they will burn like pin pricks in my fee 


well I'm sitting in the library doing the writing assignment for psychology class. This is really fun. I just finished writing down my notes for astronomy class because I have a quiz in there on Thursday. I went home this past weekend. Nothing really exciting happened. I visited with my family for memorial day. My cousin was nominated for homecoming queen. Wow. Not. Anyway yeah. I'm back now. It was weird having to pack to go home. I saw a movie over the weekend, wicker park was the name of it. It was really good. I thought that it wasn't going to be that good but I really liked it, it was a love story and I'm always a sucker for those. well the time is going by really slowly. I want to get back to my room so I can watch my favorite TV show of all time. Big brother. it's almost over so it's getting exciting. I don't think I spelled that right. O well. This is the easiest assignment I think that I've ever been assigned. Wow. 20 min is a really long time. I still have 15 more minutes to go. ummm. I've been in the library a really long time. And I still need to finish the pre-screening survey for this class so I can get experiment credit. I'm really tired. My friend Jennifer is sitting next to me. She already did the assignment. I wish I was in my bed right now. I'm always tired these days. I'm liking college so far. I miss home sometimes and it seems like I miss it at the weirdest times but I think I'm adjusting pretty well. At least I think so. I left my medicine at home so I'm having trouble breathing. But my mom is sending it to me so I can feel better soon. I have to go to a UT football game for an assignment in my freshman seminar class but I didn't buy a sports package which by the way I think is the stupidest think I've ever heard of. I think if you're a student then you should be able to get into the game for free but what do I know. Anyway so I need to find somebody with an extra ticket that they want to give me. um I like all my professors except my freshman seminar prof. He picks on me because I'm quiet and I don't talk much. I hate when teachers do that. It really bugs me . I like listening to people talk. O man I still have 8 min to go. Blah blah. um a little while ago this guy was sitting next to me and he kept farting. It smelt so bad. Luckily he left because I don't think I would have been able to take it much longer. well now I can't think of anything to write so maybe I'll sing a song. "on Monday I'm waiting, Tuesday I'm fading and by Wednesday I can't sleep. Then the phone rings I hear you and the darkness is a clear view because you've come to rescue me". That was Ashley Simpson. I like her because she has the same name as me even though she doesn't spell it the right way. That's ok I guess I can forgive her. I like her sister, Jessica, too even if she is a dumb blond sometimes but at least she's herself unlike so many other people I know that try to copy what other people do and they can't come up with a unique thought if their live depended on it. Well I only have 3 minutes left. Thank goodness. It seems like I've been typing forever. Well my hand are getting tired of typing and I keep misspelling stuff so I have to keep on pressing the backspace button and I'm really tired. I've already said that but that's all I can think of right now. My eyes keep wanting to close. Good only one more minute and then I'm going to go and take a nap. O wait I can't. I have too much reading to do. That's all I do these days is read, read, read, and then I read some more. bye         


At 855 I should be done writing this paper!!! I am so excited that I get to go home and see my man today. So my body really hurts right now but I feel great because I have worked out every day for like the past week and now I think I am addicted to working out. it gives me such a rush and whoa!!!!! someone just slam their door and it scared the hell out of me. I hat when people slam their doors it is so frustrating. We have designated quiet hours in the dorm AND THERE THEY GO AGAIN!!! no one ever follows those quiet hours lalalala I really feel like dancing I think it would be cool it is funny how my typing can't keep up with my thoughts so in essence all I can think about it the typing of this paper and how sad it is that I have to do it for 20 minutes which I originally thought would be a short period of time but I look at the clock right now and it says 420 which means it is time to smoke. Lol that is if I smoked weed which I don't I actually find that to be so stupid. why do you have to smoke or drink anything to feel good about life. Sounds like a lame excuse of trying to cover some sort of problem you have. psychology is such an interesting major. I just got to find a minor for rotc and actually rotc seems, surprisingly, like it will be a lot of fun! I am so ready to prove to myself and to everyone else that I can cut it I just hope I maintain my GPA and can be like what now! I love the idea of pushing myself to achieve something because once I finish it is the best feeling kind of like the "high" I get when I exercise I need to call my mom and tell her to pick up some water at that case lot sale I am excited to be going home to see my b/f but I really don't want to see my family that is probably the one thing I don't miss all that arguing I can't wait to graduate from college one thing that scares is me is my relationship with my man. he is older I know and I do love him or at list I think I love him and I would never want to hurt him , but I am scared about settling down after college for so many years I saw college as being the perfect time to party and meet boys, but now it isn't like that I LOVE TO FLIRT but I have someone that cares about me and that I care about but I just don't know to I want to settle down with someone that doesn't even have a high school diploma. I'm scared he's going to end up using me or something stupid like that. I know that is mean but so far he doesn't keep his promises to me and he lies and I pay for EVERYTHING but it doesn't matter he  will pay me $200 I think I have spent over $1000 on our relationship. Going out to eat and the movies and just things like that and it sucks. Oh well that is life goodness this is the longest 20 minutes of my life I am starting to get typer's cramp. Is that possible? well staring at this screen sure isn't helpful at all!! I am so hungry and want to go downstairs and get food but first I have to wait to finish this paper THEN I got to go get my laundry and put it into the dryer so this could take awhile. I wonder what I'm going to wear I want to wear my brown shoes but do I have anything natural colored to go along with it I have my green shirt my stripped one is dirty hmm I really should look would white go ummm I need to paint my toenails!!! I can so do that when I get back from eating actually I think naw I do them when I get back look only 3 and a half more minutes I think my roommate is back nope someone else I wonder where she is because her class got out at 9 but normally she comes back early. I really hope I make the crew team I think that would be so cool. I want to make a team And feel special just something else to tell myself that I can do it everyone keeps saying because I am tall but it will be a whole new experience because I know nothing about the sport man I need to brush my teeth what can wear damn I got to remember my list to take home call the court got to ad that to the list so many things to do this weekend I think I'm going to take summer courses yay! almost finished 3. 2. 1 


I REALLY ENJOY THIS CLASS. I CAN GET INTO IT AND NOT BE BORED LIKE MY OTHER CLASSES. THE CLASS THAT I HATE THE MOST IS MY CHEMISTRY CLASS BECAUSE I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE TEACHER AND I SONT UNDERSTAND THE SUBJECT. MY MAJOR IS NURSING AND PRE-MED. I REALLY HOPE I CAN GET INTO MEDICAL SCHOOL SO I CAN BECOME A SURGEON. MY ROOM JUST LEFT TO HER LAB CLASS. HER NAME IS KATRINA BUT I CALL HER KAT. SHE'S SO AWESOME!! WE BOUGHT A FISH TOGETHER ON MONDAY. HIS NAME IS SENIOR SOL. OKAY!?! THIS THING JUST WENT BACK SO I CLICKED FORWARD ON THE WEB BROWSER AND MY INFORMATION WAS STILL HERE, BUT MY TIME STARTED OVER SO THAT SUCKS!!! I'M KIND OF WATCHING TV AND DOING THIS ASSIGNMENT AT THE SAME TIME, BUT MOST OF MY FOUCUS IS GOING INTO THIS. I REALLY MISS MY FRIENDS!!! ESPECIALLY THE FAB FIVE!! EMILY, LAURA, MIGUEL, ARON, AND SOID!! I LOVE THEM SO MUCH!! I TALKED TO EMILY YESTERDAY ONLINE AND SHE'S ROOMING WITH LAURA AT SMU AND SHE TOLD ME THAT LAURA IS GOING GREEK AND IS STARTING TO ACT LIKE A BARBIE DOLL!! I WONDER IF AS SOON AS I GO HOME IF ME AND HER WILL STILL GET ALONG!!?? HMM. WONDERS. I REALLY HAVE TO GO TO THE RESTROOM AND I DON'T THINK I CAN REALLY GET UP AND GO OR IF I HAVE TO KEEP WRITING?? I REALLY HAVE TO GO SO I'M GOING TO GO AND I'LL BE BACK SOON!!!. . . . OKAY I'M BACK! I HOPE THAT DOESN'T EFFECT ANYTHING BUT I THINK IT MADE UP FOR THE TIME THAT GOT ERASED. I'M WATCHING WHO WANTS TO BE A MILLIONARE NOW AND I WISH I COULD BE ON THAT SHOW BECAUSE I THINK I WOULD ACTUALLY MAKE IT AND BECAUSE I REALLY WANT TO BE ON TV AND MAKE MONEY AS WELL. IT'S REALLY COLD IN MY DORM ROOM AND I'M STARTING TO GET SICK. I REALLY MISS MY BOYFRIEND RIGHT NOW. HE'S AT WORK THOUGH. HE GOES TO ACC AND HE'S A SECOND YEAR. I THINK IF HE WASN'T HERE IN AUSTIN WITH ME I WOULD GO CRAZY BECAUSE I WOULD BE HERE ALL ALONE WITHOUT FRIENDS OR FAMILY. HIS NAME IS REY AND ON THE 14TH. ITS GOING TO BE OUR 2 MONTH ANNIVERSARY. IT HAS BEEN ONE OF MY LONGEST RELATIONSHIPS. MY LONGEST RELATIONSHIP WOULD HAVE HAD TO BE 6 MONTHS AND THAT RELATIONSHIP WAS OFF AND ON. THERE'S ONLY ONE PROBLEM WITH MY RELATIONSHIP WITH REY AND THAT IS THAT MY FAMILY STILL DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT HIM AND I THINK I SHOULD TELL THEM SOON. I REALLY LOVE HIM A LOT!! HE TREATS ME RIGHT AND WE HAVEN'T REALLY GOTTEN INTO A FIGHT THAT WE DON'T SPEAK TO EACH OTHER. I TALK TO HIM EVERYDAY AND WE TRY TO SEE EACH OTHER EVERYDAY AND SO FAR SINCE I'VE MOVED HERE I DO SEE HIM EVERYDAY EVEN IF ITS JUST FOR A LITTLE WHILE. I THINK THAT HE MIGHT BE THE ONE. HE TOLD HIS FAMILY ALL ABOUT ME!! AND SO FAR THEY APPROVE. ONE OF HIS COUSINS THOUGH SAID THAT SHE IS GOING TO THROW WATER BALLOONS AT ME BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T WANT HIM TO HAVE A GIRLFRIEND. I ALSO MISS MY FAMILY A LOT BUT I REALLY DON'T WANT TO TELL THEM THAT I MISS THEM BECAUSE THEN THEY'LL BE LIKE I TOLD U SO AND I TOLD YOU THAT YOU WERE GOING TO MISS US. MY MOM EMAILS ME AND CALLS ME EVERYDAY. EVEN THOUGH ITS NOT NECESSARY SINCE I HAVEN'T LIVED AT HOME SINCE JUNE SINCE I WAS ATTENDING SMU BUT SHE JUST STARTED CALLING EVERYDAY AS SOON AS I MOVED TO AUSTIN. MY LITTLE COUSIN JONATHAN THAT I MISS THE MOST AND I CRY EACH TIME JUST THINKING ABOUT HIM IS UPSET AND CRYS FOR ME BECAUSE HE DIDNT WANT ME TO MOVE AND HE NEVER SEEMS TO WANT TO TALK TO ME BECAUSE HE WANTS ME TO GIVE HIM A BETTER REASON THAN SCHOOL FOR ME MOVING. BIG BROTHER 5 JUST STARTED AND THAT'S A REALLY GOOD PROGRAM, BUT A LOT OF THE DECISIONS THAT ARE BEING MADE IN THE GAME DISSAPOINT ME BECAUSE THERE'S A LOT OF BACK-STABBING GOING ON. I REALLY NEED TO READ FOR ME CLASS AND I NEED TO STOP PROCRASTINATING. I NEED TO GET ON THE BALL AND START STUDYING OTHER THAN DOING NOTHING AND WATCHING TV AND GOING OUT. I REALLY LIKE UT AND I THINK IT'S ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE EVER MADE.       


Ok, well here we are. Typing away at our writing assignment. YAY! I hope I'm doing this right. The TV. is really distracting me right now. Not so much that I can't type, but I keep thinking about Abe Lincoln. I love that guy. He's tall. Tall I sure as hell am not tall. That's a shame too, I could have a good tall guy. GEEZE, it's only been two minutes. This sucks. Now, now, give it a chance. I hate you. Shut up. Ok so lets see here. I like apple sauce. Definitely going to have me some apple sauce as soon as am done with this assignment. I have a giant jar of apple sauce sitting in my frig. Hate people. They're so stupid. I hate the way they act and treat others. Ah. I'm rambling, stop it. Ok lets see, I like toys. Toys are fun. I remember the good old days when Christmas was all about the toys. Now Christmas sucks. I hate Christmas so much. I hate the way we have to spend time with the family, I hate all the cheery people, and I hate how everyone is happier than me. I mean if people would just concentrate on . I hate my roommate. Always drinking my water. Why must he touch my stuff without asking. Sorry he just walked in and I remembered that he took my water bottle. Crap, where was I, Christmas blows! It's just I think people have forgot the real me, I just saw some breast on the TV. and now I've lost tract of what I was saying. Ah yes, Christmas angers me. It's just that people, I think, celebrate jolly old saint Nicholas and the bright lights and trees, more than the birth of Jesus. I'm sorry know I'm watching ROCKY IV on TV. I love rocky, he's amazing. I even named my dog Rocky in honor of Sly. Wow not even ten minutes. Well I'm just saying I'd be happier with Christmas if people just went to church all day on Christmas than celebrate Santa Crap. Oh no, I'm talking to myself again, blast I hate when I do that. DING DING, sorry, it's a line in Rocky IV. Favorite line in ROCKY IV, "Age before beauty," as Apollo Creed lets Rocky, fucking roommate took my boxers. Sorry I just pressed enter as if I was sending a message on instant messi, how do you spell messenger, oh there we go. It's just he was shopping for boxers, and I found a pair that I liked and then. we weren't shopping alone, we had to girls with us, (just for the record. ) anyways, what, ah I liked a pair and. wait, I think I'm screwing up the assignment. QUICK ding dong the witch is dead, the witch is dead. I'm tired and I'm really really dumb. Hi my name is the undead and I like sleeping. ok lost train of thought there. hmmmmmmm, pizza rolls. I smell pizza rolls because my roommate just made some, probably mine that he stole, fucking ass. I want to be an actor. I love that they made five Rockys, I wish I had an accent, like a scottish or german one. The word Finish looks German. I tried learning German, FOR THAT FUCKING WHORE!!!!!!! I hate everything. Especially her. Not really, I actually love her(possibly), I just grrr. , hate that time of my life. I wish I was six feet tall, that would be badass. Hot, now there's a funny word, sorry I just heard the word hot on TV. Now Lacrosse, there's a fun sport. I hope I get to play sometime , fucking roommate always distracting me. NO NO, he cool, it's just I. Get back on tract. School is very educational to me. I like it. Now drugs are bad, very very bad. I got to start eating better, much better. YAHOOO, almost done. I'm not even sure what I've written about, but you know what, it doesn't matter, because I own shit and I run shit. Peace 


As I sit in this library for the first time in my entire life, I feel as if I don't belong here, in this setting. I'm not usually the completely studious type so I'm just trying this library thing out. It's really deathly quiet and I'm not used to the absolute silence that surrounds me. I feel quite rude as my typing is unusually loud in this setting. I hope people around me aren't annoyed by this "tapping" as I am. I'm sitting alone in the corner, but at least I'm next to the window. I picked this spot as to not go completely crazy and be bored. People watching is fun. it's interesting to me how every single person walking around outside has their own story, their own point of view and I often wonder how different it is from my own. I haven't had any quiet time or alone time to myself since I've moved up here to Austin and just now, I realize that I indeed do miss it. I think I'll visit the library by myself a lot more often from now on. next time, I should remember to bring a jacket; I feel like I'm turning into a humansicle. but I don't like walking all the way from my dorm to here. it's quite a walk. I really should learn how to use the bus system here. I'm used to having the comfort of my car. the comfort I've had for four years. I miss it. I went home this weekend, the very first weekend after school started. it's not because I missed home or I was homesick or anything. I've been away from home for much longer periods of time and have never even thought about home much. like this summer, my 5 weeks overseas, I don't think I even thought about my family or home-life all that much. As horrible as that sounds, I'm not the type to miss my family or anything. anyway, I just went home this weekend because I felt that my dorm room was too bland and I wanted to bring up more stuff. I ended up coming back up to school with a huge suitcase and three boxes worth of crap that I should have thrown away. instead, this wonderful crap adorns my newly decorated dorm room walls and desk area. it looks so much better. I also got a new webcam. my mother had one at home that I wanted to bring up but she said she used it a lot so she ended up buying me another one. My mother's a funny person. She came to the states during her college years about 20-something years ago. I wonder how her college experience was. It must have been hard. I can imagine living in a country where no one understands what the heck you're saying. I've experienced it. still, she managed pretty well, I suspect. she's just that type of person. she has a really strange accent though in her English. Normally, Asian people have a really "fobbish" horrible sounding accent but she has a peculiar twang to it to make it sound incredibly different. It's not a perfect English accent but it sounds slightly European. I don't know why. My mom is a very peculiar person. Oh, going back to the webcam thing. I think one day I was using her computer at home and I looked at her picture folder. There were all these webcam shots of her smiling and trying to look cute in several different outfits. I almost fell out of my chair laughing. My mom is so cute. I believe she chats more than I do online to her friends. We've never chatted before but now that I'm not home, we've started to talk online through MSN messenger. It's incredibly awkward and a strange experience but I'm sure I'll be accustomed to it soon. My mom's awesome. I wonder how many of my friend's moms chat online to them. NO ONE. well, no one that I've met anyway. Now I've run out of things to say so I'm slowly gazing around this room. I'm next to a beigish wall. I don't think I enjoy the color beige too much. I wish I had better posture. typing on the computer makes me slouch. sitting back while reading makes me slouch. eating makes me slouch. I think I'm just a natural sloucher. I want to grow at least two more inches though. I look taller if I'd stand up straight but it's so hard. I also heard stretching makes you taller. I should try that sometime. I always say I'll start things and never do. Or usually I start things that I never finish. I wonder if it's a kind of disorder. there are a lot of books on the shelf that look amazingly old. I should go flip through some of them before I leave. they look interesting. I like that old book smell. I don't know why. it'll probably make me sneeze. someone just walked past me and we both sort of glanced at each other. I should have smiled or something. I feel so rude and mean. I think I look mean when I feel emotionless or I'm not making any faces on purpose. my mom says Asians naturally look angry all the time. maybe it's true. I should smile more often but then I feel like an idiot if someone sees me just smiling to myself. oh well. it's college now, I'm sure nobody cares and there are weirder people than me here anyway. time's up, I'm done. 


Okay, I am writing this thing called stream of consciousness writing. I find it hard to type right now. I don't know if I should follow proper grammar. My Norton firewall just detected another blocked intrusion. I don't like this. Annoying hackers. Why don't they just go one with their lives without bothering decent people like me. I have 4 roommates and they are all good except for one. He is nice and all but he does have annoying habits and it seems he does not know proper manners. He watches TV loudly even though he knows people are trying to sleep. He even woke me up listening to music using my own computer without asking my permission to use it. That is so annoying and I can't stand it right now. My goodness, it has only been 3 mins? I've been writing a lot of things already. My arms are hurting because I can't type for so long and I hate typing. I'm not a typer, my brother and cousin are flawless typers but I am not. I already had so many errors in typing right now it is so annoying me. I want to destroy this key board. I want to use the voice typing method but even that is a pathetic technology which is still in its infancy. This is really annoying me. I want to take the psych research right now but I can't because I am not 18 yet. That is a load of bullshit if u ask me. can't it be 17? What is your advantage to your peers in the same batch or class who are older than you by a few months?? A few months of extra knowledge??? I don't think so. I hate my birthday, there is also a math midterm on my birthday, hooray for me. how nice, what a nice birthday gift. I have a tendency to measure how much I type. I always limit myself and not going to much bec. I always fear my efforts are being wasted or something and I am very lazy so I will rather do nothing or stop doing something if there is no punishment involved. Like this writing assignment right now, if this was not graded or the lose of not doing this is very minimal, I will just stop and just receive the consequences rather than waste 20 minutes of my time doing nothing but write, senseless writing. And I ate writing, I hate the damn typo errors, I hate now typing fluidly like others, I hate making mistakes, I hate typing because it hurts my hands and fingers! I hate this activity. I am not in a very good mood right now, I kind of understand that, I wonder why? Is it my roommate? maybe, is it this senseless activity? maybe. maybe its because University of Texas has cut my freaking internet, no I can't download beyond 8 gigs. nooo bec. u are taking up too much bandwidth and leaving none for the others. What do I say? I say to hell with the others, what do they care if they don't really use the internet in the first place. They are just wasting bandwidth on nothing. This is just pathetic. You guys are afraid of the recording companies, the RCAA or something like that. That's what you are. Afraid. Why don't you just leave us alone like other schools? They have FREE internet, not this cheap limited "u have to pay" for internet. I am just ranting away all my frustrations on this thing aren't I? I hope no one reads it, if u do. the hell do I care! Damn it. College life sucks. To much reading. Everyone expects you to read all the chapters and expect you to understand the next day during the lecture. Well, tough luck, we are not that smart. Some people do well in lectures and some do well with books. Some people just can understand with the book so why do u pick on us?? Everything you test should be on your lectures. The book is just for bringing your knowledge of the subject to a more concrete manner. Lectures are what really is important, and you just read the book to review. You don't test what u do not teach in lectures!! Thank God I only have a few more minutes left. My fingers are burning now. I cannot be stuck doing the same thing for prolonged periods of time. It is just not right. It is so boring. Funny though. if u come to think of it. Ironic. I cannot stand doing a same thing for so long but I can stand doing nothing for so long. What kind of person am I? Indolent. Lazy. Pathetic. That's what I am. A person who does not want to leave his little protective sphere. a controlled sphere. I am afraid to do things with risks, I will never succeed in life like that. Doomed not to be a leader. 


This is kind of weird. I never set aside just some time for me to type and write and think. It's crazy that my thoughts are not really coherent. tiffany is typing next to me--her music is  loud and kind of weird. I'm not a big fan of rap. wow look at how the font looks smaller after  you don't capitalize. tiff's talking to me and going into the bathroom. Stupid homework. I am  typing but I don't know what I'm thinking about. man it's so loud in our room. she's yelling at  me. she wants me to finish my work so I can talk to her. silly girl. the TV is kind of annoying I  want to turn it off but it's so far away. college is making me lazy. that reminds me of Dante's  inferno. I can hear the wretch is that how you spell it? wrench clanking in the background. tiffany is struggling to put our brand spanking new fluffy toilet seat onto the crappy and dirty  jester toilet that who knows how many people have urinated in gross!! I realize that even  though I am writing my thoughts down as I type, some of my thoughts are not being recorded  in this stream of consciousness writing because my mind is going crazy and I can think about a  billion things at once but I can't type it all fast enough. stupid fingers! type faster! type faster!  this is such a crazy assignment. I love how unstructured college is. I love how you can do  whatever you want and no one gives a damn. it's pretty spiffy! some girls is getting her face  redone for plastic surgery. I'm glad I'm not heinously ugly or I'd be tempted to get some plastic  surgery done too. crazy. crazy reminds me of a song. can't remember which. man I kind of miss  high school. those days of knowing everyone in all of your classes--- I'm sad that they are  over. now I walk into class and I'm lucky if I know one person. got to meet some friends. but  Stuart is kind of holding me back. I love him but I don't know if I can take his clingininess! he's  such a sweet guy but I wonder what it would be like to be single again. wow look at how much  I've typed. I love my new ibook. it's so cute. I just want to look at it all day. how cute is it!  right. dang I'm weird. noises in the background are distracting me now. too bad I can't reach  over real fast and turn off the stupid TV. I really think that TV dumbs people down. interesting. my fingers look weird when I type. they look like little spiders. ha-ha. website! that's the weirdest  word. weird. indweirdo. too bad jaya and I aren't really friends anymore. she's in psycho with  me though--maybe we can rekindle out old friendship. Shelby was so mean to me. oral interp  man-- at least I made some more friends. don't need friends like that anyways. JESUS!! LOVER  OF MY SOUL! JESUS! I WILL NEVER LET YOU GO!!! dang I wish that I could see Jesus now. I know  that faith is what makes Him real to us, but wouldn't it be cool of they could make some Jesus  bears to hug when you're sad? I miss my parents a lot. actually, I just miss my mom!! *sigh*. it's  all good. Frederick the printer. ha-ha bio II. such a good class to go to. I love the learning, hate  the quizzes and tests. high school was hard. waking up early to study, staying up late to study. bummer! and all to get into a college to repeat the cycle all over again. man it's weird not to  have my parents around! why do people have rhinoplasties? they're so nasty!  ccccccccccccccrunk is what that is! tupac. why do people die? I so do not even get it. I think  about death in that it's scary. I believe in Jesus, so will I definitely go to heaven? I'm such a  reasoning person that I wonder if there is a heaven sometimes. but that's sin. purgatory  according that Dante inferno website is where I'm going. yay! will see the Son and the Father  one day. I need to use the bathroom. dangit. still have 9 minutes left. my hands are kind of  sweaty. gross! man what a loser. this girl is 16 on TV and wants a nose job to feel better about  herself. that's so crazy. why are people so low self-esteem? like ling. dang that girl acts like  she's all that, but she has no self esteem at all! it's all an act, a facade. yay! my battery is  charged up to 99%. the % button is always above the 5. weird, eh? eh? mission! that reminds me  of Monica and mission trips. I wish I had gone to Hong Kong with everyone this year. I almost  feel like I let God down. your love is amazing. your love is amazing. Your love is amazing to me. my grammar and punctuation sucks. man I wonder what she's doing. haven't talked to that girl  in forever. I can't believe I've been typing for almost 15 minutes! this is nuts. ha-ha Michelle  from full house. Chad Michael Murray is so hot. gosh' can't believe he's marrying Sophia bush. wonder what sofa and Sharon are doing at UTSA right now. UTSA-- that's the root of all of  Stuart's problems. that's why he's so clingy and insecure. I want to help him. but how? man  these apples are cute!!! the little apple logo makes me feel all warm and fuzzy! ahhhhhh the  door is not locked! tiff forgot to lock it. got to lock it after I'm done with this thing. I'm getting  tired now. I want to watch love actually. that's such a freaking' cute movie. freaky Friday. ha-ha  Lindsay lohan and her weird boobs. no way can a teenage girl grow boobs that fast! why are  guys so obsessed with boobs? freaks me out. anyways let's change the topic. I wonder if dr. Pennebaker or his TAs will read this. poor people their eyes must be boggling out by now from  all the reading. tiff is drumming on the toilet seat. gross! she put my stuff on that dirty grout- stricken floor. the time is going by freakishly fast. dude it's already 17 minutes and counting. I  kind of don't want to stop doing this. maybe I'll keep an online diary just for myself to do this  everyday. how do you know who you will marry? how do you know you won't get sick of them?  911. scary day. Stuart's birthday. the phone is ringing. the door opens. flip flops are dirty. I feel  like a loser sometimes. but this is not a cry for help. I love you JESUS! hahha I hope whoever  reads this doesn't think I'm a loser. the little AIM man looks funny. I can't wait to read this after  I'm done with everything. I want to see what I was thinking. Kim basinger and this dude are on  TV for this new movie. who sometimes movies really scare me. like Sarah Michelle Gellar in the  new movies. tiff is wailing. she forgot about a homework assignment. uh-oh. doesn't sound  good. my tummy feels weird. I think I'm getting fat. out!! peace 


     well, I wonder why I'm here. languages can be a real problem especially when you have 100 pages to read every day. Maybe this is what people called college live. no time, no entertainment, no nothing. maybe it's not the case for native students!  so why am I here?  Am I anywhere better than them?  Or will I ever be better than this advantaged people?  what advantage will I receive once I finish this college hell?  hell with it. It's not so bad actually. maybe. I don't know. There are so many things I want to do, but don't have time for. I have to fit into the class room, so I got to read the textbook, pretending that I'm cool with it. Who knows how I'm doing?  I don't even know that. Sometimes I wonder what will come after. After all this years of staying and trying to fit into a culture that I don't even like. Is it money that draw me here?  Or is it something else?  Maybe I'm just tried of what I used to do. Although I don't know exactly what. Live repeats itself, again and again that I don't know whether I've done it already or it's just a similar experience. Memories are tricky. They fool you, mislead you, and abandon you. Am I here for the 2nd time? Or even more than that?  What am I searching for?  Trying to reach a perfect life?  I wonder how many times more do I have to live in order to achieve that. Enough for the questions. since there will be no answers to that. Austin is a nice place. The weather is quite similar to Taiwan, but not as humid. People are busy, as they did in community college. but the more people there are, the easier you fall into isolation. I don't remember when I get my first "friend" in college, but people seemed more relaxed back then. Memories make things look at its best. That's how human survives. Cell phone is also a devise that's supposed to do so. But do they?  People get more and more dependent on such thing. They want to be connected. but with whom?  What's the meaning of saying hi on the phone and trying to find a correct time to hang up though out the conversation?  Cell phone is tiring. They only work when you need to be picked up. There lots of quite Asian girls on campus; I wonder where they're from. Are they having the same troubles?  I don't see any good looking Asian guys out there. Too bad, it's always easier to find good looking girls than guys. Well, as long as it nurture my eyes. Not being able to see good looking things can be a torture!  That brings me to another problem in Austin. No comic book store!!!  And I can't even watch the DVDs I brought. Damn capitalistic Americans. Region settings is plane stupid. 


the weekend was nice. an old family friend came up to visit. I've known him since 3rd grade I think? something like that. bowling. Bumming around. Gaming. pool. Eating. Etc etc. Was fun. now back to class after a long weekend. ugh. These classes aren't very interesting. But that's ok. it's just basic sequence right now. once I start taking major sequence classes. I think it will become more interesting. these classes just seem like a hassle. I never liked writing assignments. Mostly because I've never been a strong writer. I'm not very skilled at thinking of what to write. words never seem to flow. I don't know. I really wonder what I'll do with my life. biomedical engineering sounds all fancy and stuff. But will it really provide me with a decent life in the future? I really don't know. it doesn't seem like there's much flexibility with this major. I do take cem, phys, bio courses and stuff. So it seems like my work covers over areas from different majors. I guess I'll have a wide variety of knowledge. But I won't be an expert in any of the areas. plus with competition from foreign sources. The future scares me even more. I guess I do get somewhat bitter when I think about how researchers may earn something like 40-50K a year. But then the MBA that hired them gets 100+ perhaps? that's just bs. I don't think it's very fair at all. But nothing's ever very fair. man. I really want a job. I have time I guess. But no transportation. and then not all the jobs I've looked through were at the right times. I applied for something at the LAN cave in jester. I hope I get that. then I need to start looking for scholarships. Internships. Summer research. Etc etc etc. oh yeah. I need to look for an apartment for next year. I really don't want to end up in the dorms again. as much as I like the fast internet. I really want a room of my own. And the freedom that comes with living in a place of your own. I guess it is pretty free in the dorms. But I can't blast the music when I want to. Or turn up the volumes for gaming. besides. Blanton isn't really the best dorm out there either. not having a sink in the room really sucks. it's not a big deal to walk to the bathroom. But for stuff like making ramen. A quick wash of the face. Or maybe just a drink of cool water. I have to make a trip. I guess I'm just lazy. But it's odd that some dorms have sinks in the room and others don't. only ten minutes have passed. Feels like a lot more than that. time passes slowly when you're not having much fun. I like seeing things animated. Or in motion. sitting and writing. Or reading. They're not that interesting. I do like reading about computer technology and astronomy and cars and stuff. But it's hard to make myself sit down and read a book like harry potter. I haven't done that in years. yeah. I don't think I've willingly read a fiction book since middle school. I remember those redwall and mossflower books. I guess they were the trend back in the day. I signed up for the 3rd coast gaming competition later this month. aiya. I'm a bit worried. playing at the arcades isn't like playing on a console. the controls feel different. plus. When I play at the arcades. I get beaten a lot. I guess it kind of hurts my confidence. But that's ok. I'll just see how I match up with the other people in the competition. besides. It's only $10. And I think it'll be fun to watch the l337 play. I could really go for a huge huge glass of orange juice right now. Maybe some pluckers wings too. I don't know. What should I write about. "anything at all". it's so vague. I like having a little more of an idea of what I'm doing. *shrug*. Oh well. don't use this as a cry for help huh. I don't really cry out for help. well. Not in very noticeable ways. keeping secrets hurts you huh. I guess I've probably shortened my life a lot then. aiya. Being Asian. That's my excuse. the guy isn't really supposed to show weakness. Heh. What a stupid way of thinking. But after 18 years. It's hard to break the habit. I wonder how people can be so carefree. I hope the year goes well. I really do. Too much tension everywhere. I really just want to break lose and forget all the responsibilities I have. But I don't think I can. it's just not something I'd do. I'm tired. I need to find something. Someone amazing. I don't want to just cruise through life. 


  Okay I was asked to write about the way that I'm thinking this is an pretty easy assignment, but then comes what am I suppose to write about and is it really that easy to put thoughts to paper. I know one thing is I sure do really want to go back to houston where life was much easier and fun. Here people are to damn concieted and full of them selves, theis mainly means the females, maybe its cause I'm hispanic or something. Either way I never had diffulty meeting girls. Well its probably cause I miss my gurl my lil china back in h-town. Hmmmmmmmmmmm what else mann I'm bored and tired and I wonder why my led hurts. Its been doing that all week. I'm not as athletic as I use to be that makes me sound like an old person. But foreal though its so boring out here parties are bunk. Who the called me today have no idea who was that girl I wish I knew who she was thought she sounded reallly good though. Lets see what else is there to say I don't really feel like college has got hard yet but I feel it coming. I hope I'm ready when all the hard works hits me BAAaMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!  Just like that. I realize that I do think of gurls a lot that's crazy even right now I'm talking about gurls haaaa. Hmmmmm will I meet a girl out here who will at least be my friend. Maannn this stupid computer is slow and these dum pop ups keep coming up man I didn't realize that 20 min was this long man I forgot how to type fast so ill just use this as practice I guess. Soooooooo lets see Wow there sure is a lot of porn online stupid popups trying to distract me all the time just leave me alone like micheal jackson mann that guys weird I feel srry for those kids lol. no but really that's sick I'm on 12 min and 10 sec. hmm doesn't seem like I said a lot so man I really not liking austin if this continues I'm going back home. I don't kjnow though I got freedom here like I would have in houston there I got a person watching me which is goood but how willl I ever grow without learning on my own. I actually learned how to wash clothes out here that's a big accomplish ment seein that I never did that. Yep I can a lot if I put my mind to it those white kids won't know what hit them when I get all my grades up and start knowing more people imma take there gurls lol. Then every body willl be on my swangers foreal  mann those cookies smell good but if I take my hands off the keyboard then ill stop typing and that's no good screw it let me get a cookie. Hmmmmmmmmm that's good lol. I feel like I'm chatting ca;use I just don't care about grammer. I need some music its so boring and what kind of crap do they jamm down hurrr its so weak and so is the dancing. yup good old h-town inned to go back and chill with my friends and especially Lindsey My Love man forreal though I miss her most of all its like when I say I miss houston I mean her cause she's the only thing worth going back for. maybe in the future if it was meant to be ill meet here again and well fall in love all over agian!  I wish but she's beatiful she wouldn't be single and she's just perfect. I heart her. 


so this is the first entry, and it happens to fall on a day when things are really. Shitty. I don't know if I have the desire to join the rowing team, though I've already told everyone that I was going to; my internet connection was messing with my earlier, a reason to cry in itself; my relationship with a boy I don't know enough about. Lets start with that. I've been dating him for about a year and a half, and I don't know who he is. will he cheat on me?  is my relationship anything to be worried about?  if a stranger looked into our lives, would he giggle, surprised at the immaturity of our  relationship?  is it anything to try to save?  I hope so, if not I'm a fool. but I think I'm one anyway. but paul henry, he knows his shit, it seems. or its that he knows that he doesn't know his shit. I wish I knew. I wish I knew him as well. though his devotion is something that would automatically clash with me. I have nothing against christians or their beliefs. I wish I could give myself up to that with no regrets. But I can't. I've been down that road, and its lead nowhere. have I spoiled my chances with a true love by being with brian?  will I ever be content in my own two damn shoes?  will I ever feel like I'm at home? will I be successful?  would I be happy without success?  it seems like the lives people live are all too perfect, even the less desireable, that there's some author out there, other than someones god, writing the stories of our lives. but he forgot me?  why am I not going anywhere, why can't I find this happiness and joy. my life is pathetic at this point. maybe its just this horrible attitude, but the only time I feel like I can be happy (or at least not pissed off) is with brian, laying in his bed, thinking of everything and nothing all at the same time. but how does this conflict so much with the previous statements?? it would seem that I am happy with him, but then comes the doubt and fears. I need to find myself, I say. only thing is. I don't know what that means. does anyone? its really this unattainable goal people teasing set in your minds. A state you need to obtain, but its in fact unattainable. the sad bastards who were told the same thing when they were younger are enraged that they don't know how to go about it, and they then ruin the lives of everyone after them, so they can suffer justly. I wish I were born in the old days, when you died of a flu and there wasn't such a thing as AIDS. people lived lightly, they wrote, they read, sometimes found something to revolutionize, but mostly enjoyed the simplicity of life. where did that virtue go?  how has it managed to slip through the fingers of time, and where would it have gone?  I wish I could sift through the ashes of our charred world, seeking only the beauty and peace that once was everywhere, but now seems like you have to search for only to get the smallest glimpse of it. how come I can't be a writer?  how come I can't write?  I want to study people, not medicine. why would I declare this major?  if I studied other peoples lives all the time, would I have a life of my own?  is true adulthood worth it?  people always want what they can't get. I get what I don't want. everything always seems like it gets really good, I mean reaaaally good, right when its about to end. will college be like this?  will life itself be like this?  will I stop asking so many damn questions??  will he call?  would I want him to? I don't want this life. anyone want to trade?  I want a life of the storybooks, of unquestionable love, faith and virtue. knowledge, hope, and an impeccable body would be nice too. I want all the money in the world, I want to live in a time without money. I want to be a movie critic, I hate bad actresses with hair that doesn't fit their character. I hate living with someone other than who I love. I hate not knowing if its really the true love they talk about. I hate being inadequate, I hate second guessing everyone. I hate being critical. I hate chocolate chips. I hate gaining weight. I hate stretchy jeans that don't look good. I hate running out of time, I hate trying to fill time. I hope this class makes me realize a few things about myself, although I'm not sure why it would. Seven six five four three two one. 


     Well, yesterday was a good day, that is until I spoke to my boyfriend on the phone. I guess I was being overly mean to him and we got in a big argument over nothing. I was mad at him and then hung up with him, then I called to apologize and he was mad at me for being mad at him. It was just one big drama over nothing. I guess I made him extra angry because he told me he needed to sleep it off otherwise he might say things he really didn't mean. That ofcourse made me sad, because all I wanted to do was say sorry and just talk to him. He is attending college at Texas State, the big party school, and I guess I'm just scared I'm going to lose him. He's already been doing what that school is known for, boozing it up. Although I haven't been with him for long, the connection we share is the best feeling I've felt in such a long time. It makes me sad because I'm not sure if relationships like mine are meant to last. I've never heard anything good about long distance relationships, and the more I think about it, the more I worry. Maybe that's why I was being rude to him. My fears just come out in other ways. It's so strange though because I know I can see him pretty much every weekend. I'm just so confused right now. Maybe I'm just stressed. It is my first year of college and I'm expreiencing so many new things, including confusing lectures from professors. I just want everything to be okay. I want good grades. I want to have fun. And most of all I want to work things out with my boyfriend. I felt like crying when I got off the phone with him last night, but I held back because I didn't want my room mate to thing anything was wrong. When I think of my boyfriend I can only think of a future with him. I've known him a lot longer than I've actually been with him, and it's not that he's just someone to kiss and hug, he's more of a best friend to me. I know this may not last forever, and that's what makes my heart break. I'm only 18. What are the odds of he and I actually getting married, honestly? Then it makes me think why I even bother getting into relationships if they are just going to end? There really is no point. On the other hand, I need to be with this boy. Life just wouldn't be the same without him. What to do? Maybe I'll just propose to him. haha, yeah right. I just want things to be okay. I just want to be happy, and it seems he's one of the main reasons I am. Grrr, all of this stuff doesn't even make any sense. Anyhow, this writing assignment was really helpful. Got some of my feelings out, and I've never said any of this stuff to anyone. It was like a journal. I'm glad I'm taking such a cool class. 


     I'm already starting to feel stressed out, and I haven't had any tests yet. It's only been two weeks of school so far, and I feel like I have so much to do. I guess it's typical for for an incoming freshman, since it's new and all. I've never felt so busy in my life. Watching TV, my old passion, seems like such a waste of time to me now. If I have spare time, I could actually be checking out Austin, like the duck boat, which our RA told us about. It seems so cool!! A tour bus turning into a boat ?? It's craziness, and a little scary. We supposedly may go as a hall, which I highly doubt because we don't seem to have hall unity or whatever. I guess I had a misconception of how dorm life would be. At this point, I think getting an apartment would have been just fine, other than the fact that I'm way closer to my classes living on campus. Ok so maybe dorms aren't so bad because I don't think I want to wake up like an hour earlier for the whole public transportation fiasco. I really need to figure out the bus routes because I don't know where any of the buses going other than forty acres and far west, which I accidentally got on to during orientation. It was a great detour. Wow, 20 minutes is a long time, I just realized that. I guess I was comparing it to how long it takes me to do everything else, it seemed like nothing. So yea, back to the stressed out business. I've had something to do since the beginning of summer, since I took summer 1 at a community college, then I went to Clinton, Oklahoma to see my baby nephew and help my brother and sister-in-law out with the hotel they own there. I worked and got paid. Good stuff. A few days after I got home from Clinton, I made my way to Austin. My new home in the Kinsolving dormitory with all the other chics. And I think we all know how busy things are around here. I thought Christmas break would be relaxing and chill time, but I was mistaken. For I found out my closest cousin is getting married January 15, the weekend before classes start. This means that for Christmas break, I will be helping out with the wedding, which from experience already I know is very stressful. And my cousin has asked me to do a dance at her wedding, which is an Indian tradition for a younger girl in the family to entertain the guests with a vivid dance. So now I have to pick a song and choregraph a dance and learn it to perfection so I can perform it in front of hundreds of people. Did I mention that I am a nervous person who freaks out easily ?  Oh and by the way, the wedding is in New Mexico, and the reception is in Houston a weekend later, so I have to go back home after a week of being in Austin, followed by who knows how long of being in Albuquerque, New Mexico. My home is in Lufkin, a little town of pop. 35,000 in East Texas, just two hours north of Houston, 3 hours south of Dallas, and four hours east of Austin. Man oh man, this is going to be a hectic year. And to think I thought studying for my classes was my biggest worry. Well maybe I will grow from all these things, in stead of losing my mind. I guess we'll see. Hey, that kind of relates to Psychology huh ?  Maybe I can be a case study, which I read about in the textbook.        


     Why don't the washing machines ever work in my dorm? I mean I swipe and swipe my student I'd and nothing. Nothing ever starts up. I don't carry change on me just because I know Ill spend it on dumb stuff, so I guess Ill never get my clothes washed. Which is a really strange thing because back home I am so meticulous about being clean and having a something new to wear everyday. I don't really care as much here. I only care when I go out what I have on. This is for the pure reason of wanting to impress males. There is so many cute guys at UT, going out is soon going to be a problem if I don't get my all my work done. I am so scared of not doing well in my classes. This is the big times. If I screw up here there may be no point of return. Its either do it or get out. There's like 10000 people here who are pre-med and I'm guessing 9999 of them are smarter than me, which really doesn't work in my favor when it comes to getting into med school. Ah, why am I putting myself down!? I can do it. I know I can, I've wanted this forever so I'm not going to just give up. I really loathe calculus though. I work so hard,and then I always seem to screw up the exams. Why? I don't know, maybe I have testing anxiety? Is that really a real thing or is just some excuse I'm making up for my bad testing skills. Well, whatever it is I need to get it under control. My roommate seems to have everything under control. She wakes up, makes her bed, goes to class, does 3 work out classes, eats fruits and vegetables for dinner, studies, then goes to sleep at 11 pm. I'm like "WOW" here's the model student, so of course what do I do? I try to model her actions. Yah, its not working so well. I am just not such a structured person. I do believe I have A. D. D though, or maybe once again this is just another excuse. I just cannot focus on my reading assignments for more than like thirty minutes. What's the deal? I have no idea. Oh I have so much to do tomorrow, so many things to take care of . I need to find out when my old professors office hours are this fall. I really don't want to have to see him again, but its got to be done. Especially if I want my grade fixed. I hated my grades this summer. I can't believe I let myself slip that low. Well its really taught me a lesson. I think. I mean I am actually getting more studying done, or activities persay, such as this writing assignment. But I still feel like the same old me. Gosh, there this amazing jacket I want at the mall. I wish I just had an endless supply in my checking account. But don't we all? Yah good thing I got a new job here. My job is so badass. Wait am I allowed to say ass in a school assignment. hmmmm interesting. Oh well there's no going back now! But I do get paid a lot of money and that helps me a lot, because I am so expensive. If I walk into a store, the only thing I'm going to like I can guarantee is going to the be the most money. My room is so freezing cold. I really need to find out if something can be done about this. It's 60 degrees all the time, I'm sitting here in like my eskimo clothes in the middle of summer in texas. It's ridiculous. I really miss San Jac. They had their own thermostats in each room. It was clean. And big. Speaking of san jac. Football season starts Saturday. WOOHOO. I'm the biggest dork, I get so into school events like that. It just feelsreally cool to be a part of something so big. It is sort of like when I'm walking past the tower and the mail bldg. and I look down and see the capitol building. I'm amazing, like "wow, I really made it here!" It's kind of surreal to me, like an out of body experience. Then there is always the kids who make it look so easy to be here and like they don't give a damn, I'm like stop that! Exclamation marks make it look like I'm overly excited or yelling or something. I don't like that so I won't use them any more. Is this 20 min up yet? okay, I don't think I'm supposed to be thinking that. Great now I've fallen into the trap of thinking about thinking of what to write for this paper. I thought all day long about how to avoid this hole. Yah it wasn't doable. Is doable a word? do able. I don't know but I like using it. uhhhh. That's the sound of me going braindead. Well not necessarily, that would mean I was dead and obviously I'm not because duh here I am typing. I just really can't concentrate with my room being so cold. My nose is like an icicle. You know speaking of stream of consciousness, I have always wanted to read Ulysses. Isn't that the name of the book by James Joyce ? Yah I read an excerpt from it and it was very intriguing. They do this whole writing thing a lot better than I do. I'm looking at my writing and I feel that I sound Childish, not intelligent, like I should be dictating more mature words. Oh god there I go trying to sound smarter. I guess all I can do is write what's in my head. This is me, this is it. Only like one more minute to go and thank goodness. I feel like I've been having to force myself to think or something for the last twenty. Plus I've been thinking in like turbo speed. Sometimes I talk like that. Very fast. People can't understand me its horrible. Oh damn my hand hurts so bad. Ok good I am finally. D-o-n-ne. 


I'm thinking about bush and religion. I just had a simi arguement about it. I don't really care for the way the government is trying to impose religion on everyone. country music isn't that bad. I use to hate it in high school and now I've found a liking for it. tomorrow I go to nachadoches to visit friends. I'm looking forward to the driving and getting away from it all. I don't like being stuck down here. my room is really quiet. so is my roommate. we don't talk much. hopefully we'll open up and start to talk a bit. my legs itch and so does my back. I'm really full. that large pizza was really good. but the sight of pizza would make me really sick. I still can't stop thinking about government. it all just sickens me. I wish there were better canidates to choose from. face itches. I'm actually happy tonite. I got an A on my physics homework. ugh, physics was made by the devil, I swear. its like they don't want you to ever pass that class. leg itches. I'm a little stressed though. my shoulders and neck are all tight. I think its because of my whole financial aid deal. hopefully it will all be in by tomorrow so I can have some money for this weekend. arm itches. I really like country music. stomach itches. I miss old friends. maybe ill try to fix that this semester. get back in contact with old friends or try to stay in contact. I need to stop missing calculus class. its not like its hard. I just need to go and pay attention. I need to shave. I just need the time to do it. it takes forever. my chair is comfy. I don't like how my monitor is set-up. I wish I didn't have to turn my neck to look at the monitor. I wonder who is winning the patriots/colts game. I hope the colts win. I don't want to see the pats win anymore. I really like the underdogs, except when its UT playing. got to support the home team. astros finally lost a game. 12 straight and then a lose. hope they won the second game of the doubleheader. now I see why I people don't like country music, it puts you in a more mellow mood. not sad but not happy. more of a reflective mood. man, this summer was awesome. I can't wait til next summer. college intern at cypress united methodist. 200 kids, wow! a girl from katy died today. some people from the mission trip knew her. its so sad to be taken at such a young age. texas better beat arkansas Saturday. ill be pissed if they lose again to them. I itch a lot. my beard especially. that's why I need to shave it. ugh, 8am class tomorrow. I thought freshman year was going to be the only year I had them. oh well, the class is easy and entertaining. I can't wait for this to be over. I really wish me and my roommate would talk more. it gets kind of akward in here when we are just sitting at our computers not talking to each other. I need to excercise. I'm feeling lazy. I want to play raquetball. it was great when I hit ash in the head with the ball and then when I fell on my butt when trying to serve. great times. my beard still itches. I think I'm going to go shave soon. its driving me nuts. this is a lot like writing in a journal. just a lot more random. but being random is fun, it throws people off.      


Today has been so uneventful. I just accidentally pushed the finish button on this thing and I hadn't typed a thing. My roommate has her volume all the way up on her computer and is IMing people and it is quite annoying. *Bahhhring!* Ugh. I just watched this movie that I completely did not understand. I'm not sure exactly what was going on the whole time. Something about this guy who was really screwed up and then he killed his mom. But she wanted him to. Weird. I'm so tired right now, but I have an early 9 o'clock class. I have towels in the drier. I can't forget to take them out. They're pink and have my name monogramed on them in bright green. Cute. I think, anyways. I can't stop thinking about Ronnie. I hate being in a long distance relationship. I really do. I saw him just yesterday, and he is coming to visit again on Saturday, but it is still too much time in between. I just miss him so much. He means everything to me. He's my best friend. He's my boyfriend. He's everything. I feel like I don't talk to my mom as much as I should, but I really don't feel compelled. And when I do talk to her, she always thinks I am upset about something, but I'm not. I just don't have a lot to say. She is usually busy anyways. Any forty-one-year-old with a kid in college and a one and a half year old, and a live-in, senile grandmother generally has a lot on her plate. And my step-dad, not like he counts for anything. I can't stand the man. And she wonders why I was always miserable when I lived with her. He's such a jerk. But I don't have to live with him now. College life is so much different, but I think I will like it, aside from being away from Ronnie. I like being on my own and not having to worry about what every one else thinks all the time. Especially my step-dad. I do miss Ronnie though. Seeing him this weekend was so amazing. I had only been away from him for a week, but it seemed like an eternity longer, I guess because we had taken this huge leap in our lives, moving away and all. I still can't believe it. My life at home was always so monotomous. Get dressed, school, newspaper, home, dinner, Ronnie, home, computer, sleep. Day in, day out. Now all I do is homework, but still, it's a change (haha, like I ever did homework in high school!) I just realized that I can finally type without looking at the keys. I hadn't known that before. Of course, now that I notice this, I keep messing up, but I guess that's because I am concentrating too hard. I'm trying to teach my mom to type not in all capital letters all the time. That's so annoying. Of course, now she types in all lower case, but still that's a step up from reading EVERYTHING THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS, OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN. Caps hurt my eyes and run together. Wow, this really is a random paper. I went to Baylor this weekend. I could never go to that school. They have chapel every morning at 8. Wow, that's early. And they have community bathrooms. And, their dorms are small. I like my dorm at Dobie. It's nice and spacious, for a dorm anyhow. A whole lot better than Jester. I would hate to live in that cramped little space. Gross. And their bathrooms are gross because ditzy little girls are always getting too drunk and puking everywhere. Oh, the life a sorority hopeful. How I envy puking all over the place in front of everyone. My suitemate puked this weekend because she got too drunk. I've never been drunk, don't plan on being that way. It just doesn't appeal to me. In the cafeteria they had corn nuggets. Ronnie and I were talking about those just the other day. They used to have them at Church's Chicken and we both loved them, but now they don't anymore. But they have them in the cafeteria! That's about the only decent thing they have. Unless you're into greasy casserole or soggy bagels. I for one am not. I am so sleepy, and I think I might go to bed early tonight. But I need to remember my towels in the dryer. I bet they'll turn the next person's laundry pink, but hopefully not. I've washed them before. I need to call Ronnie after I get done with this. I told him I'd call when Leslie left. Leslie's gone. I bet he is busy though. His classes began today. Oh, man. I miss him and talk about him way too much. Is that bad? I really think we can make it though. I mean, if the world is like it should, he and I will be together. We just will. Every time I look down at the beautiful ring on my finger, (on my RIGHT hand), I just know it'll be okay. But I do miss him. I transferred into Comm school today. Leslie says I am a Commie now, just like her. I guess this is something to be happy about. This is what I've wanted for a long time. Oh, my time is almost up. Wow, twenty minutes goes fast when you don't talk about anything but yourself. Shameless self-infatuation. 


     I'm writing this assignment feeling kind of strange because I attempted it yesterdays on my st and my computer froze right when the timer said 19:59. very ironic. I feel very tired right now and really unmotivated. I have a lot to do and I don't feel like doing anything. I wish I could just go to sleep. I need a lot of attention from people these days and I'm just not getting it. matt took my car to san antonio to go to court and he apparently forgot to tell me about it. seems very convinient of him but whatever. he is acting weird, and different but he doesn't know or doesn't see what he's doing. it seems pointless for me to even get angry or bothered by it and I'm slowly beginning to not care. but that will be his loss because he will realize that he should be paying a little more attention to school, sleep, and me then to the things that he is focusing on. maybe I'm just overreacting though, because I seem to do that so well. I don't feel like being here, my head hurts, and I smell burnt popcorn in the hall way. I have a long day tomorrow and my last class is over at 5. I don't know what the day will have in store for me, hopefully I will be able to focus on my studies and not worry about all this other stuff that's bothering me. I need to realize that I can make myself happy and I don't need someone else to make me happy. I don't even know why I'm rambling on about this, its just always in my head I suppose. I hope I get a new car. my dad said I can maybe get something now from the money well get from the insurance. but who knows what kind of car he's going to get me. It will probably be something crappy like I have now. but I can't complain, something is definatly better than nothing, at least in this case. my economics book came in today. finally, becasue I was starting to stress that I was going to get too far behind. I really need to sit down with my books and my notes and try to really comprehend everything. even though I do try but I need more. I need to focus on doing that for all of my classes. but economics and chemistry are the main ones that I might have difficulty in. just because they are very mathy subjects. I might stay at the appartment tonight but I probably won't because I have such an early class tomorrow. well see what happens I suppose. I think matts court started already and he didn't even call me to let me know that he got to town safely. oh well, like I said I'm slowly starting not to care about all of these little things. that might be bad though because it might lead me to not care at all, about anything. it feels bad to feel like you're on the back burner, or that things have changed, though one person might like the change its not good unless both people involved agree with or like the change. I'm so tired right now I could easily go to bed and not wake up until tomorrow. but I can't do that because I have entirely too much work to do. tonight I want to get caught up with my psychology eradings, and I want to study my chemistry and continue to work on hw assignment number two. my roommate just went to heb to get nick a birthday cake. I hope all of that works out ok. if matts still not back ill probably stop by the study lounge to tell him happy birthday but I'm really not into all that socializing that everyone does. I'm usually either really wrapped up with my work or with matt. I don't know how good that is but it makes me happy and that is what counts to me. I just hope it counts to him. oh well. I met with my mentor group earlier. they're all really nice people and I hope I get to know them a lot better as the year progresses. its a pretty fun experience. this weekend should be fun. I'm going to meet up with my friend laura in san Marcos and go see some people that I haven't seen in a long time. I hope I can scrounge up something to wear, because I need to do laundry and I need to go shopping,  I have like no clothes anymore, I don't know what happened. my sister is complaining to me about me having her shirts so ill have to give her back her clothes if I see her this weekend. I hinestly don't feel like going home though. it gets too awkward for me. I don't know what but I don't really like it. I'd rather just stay here and study or like watch TV then go home and feel awkward with my family. I have so much to do and I'm starting to stess out and the semester has only begun. I can already see that college is going to be very hectic. I hope I can handle it alright. wow the time is up. 


     wow this assignment seems pretty easy for a homework assignment. unfortunately I was unable to find the OPERA page for the prescreening, so I am now doing my homework although it's actually due friday. I should not procrastinate. I need to go to with my roommate to eat at j2 tomorrow at 12:30, instead of at kinsolving. I like kinsolving better than j2 but the food isn't too bad either. my girlfriend is online right now and talking to me, I wonder what her I'M box says while it flashes on my computer monitor. I will go click on it now and check. she was wondering what I had to write about for psychology class. I told her I had to write my stream of consciousness for 20 minutes. I'm starting to run out of things to say for this thing, although my mind is constantly thinking and putting material for me to write on this. wow it's only been 3 minutes so far, I still have a long way to go. I really can't think of anything to write in here. I wonder if I should capitalize all the 'I's in this thing or now, or whether grammar matters at all. oh my girlfriend IMed me again I think I'll go look at what she has to say. she has to go practice chinese for her class. hmm only 4 minutes now, I don't' think I can write for another 16 minutes. I wonder if I can just stop writing right now and just turn it in at the end of the 20 minutes. but wow this thinking is actually still providing material for me to write in this thing. stil a lot of time left, my hands are starting to get fatigued, and my contacts are drying up. it's getting late and I'm getting tired at the same time. should I go to my math class tomorrow or not. my roommate is playing a really loud tv show, it appears to be star trek enterprise, I can't really concentrate with it playing in the backgrond. I am really tempted to watch it though, instead of writing this thing, but I suppose I should write this anyway. I want to take a shower too, but I can't because I have to write in this thing for another 13 minutes. the reptilians will take their place. Says the tv show. I want to watch the show now I think I will. my roommate is pouring water into a cup and drinking from it. my body is a bit sore from working out at gregory earlier this evening. I also have a canker sore in my mouth and it does hurt a little. I think I will ask the psychology teacher tomorrow about the prescreening thing. I wonder if I'm spelling tomorrow correctly. I think I will go on to dictionary. Com and check. it appears I have spelled 'tomorrow' correctly after all. I'm satrting to just space out while writing this thing, and getting rather tired. I like playing espn football 2k5. I usually beat my friend matt in it, but not my friend philip. I have been playing for the past two hours, maybe that is why I am tired now. I wonder if my girlfriend is done studying her chinese yet. I'm going to go check her profile. she is still away. I want a glass of water, I think I will go pour one for myself. I found a bottle of ozarka that I got from my friend so I am drinking out of that. my roommate explained to me that the star trek episode he is watching is based on the time when humans just reached space and are pioneering it, a few hundred years before captain kirk. even though the series is rather new. it seems interesting. my girlfriend is having trouble memorizing chinese. my friend clinton called and is now talking to me. it will be hard to multitask. I'm not really paying attention to him. he is asking me if I am eating with other friends. my friend did not get a bid for a frat, so he will not be pledging. we are going to a party on friday. perhaps with kdphi sorority. my girlfriend is asking what I am writing about again, and is falling asleep from doing homework. I am rather tired,  


     I hate escalators. Don't know why. I've always just hated them. Or maybe I'm afraid of them too. My right foot feels really numb. And not Comfortably Numb like that Pink Floyd song. Just numb. Pink Floyds OK, somewhere up there with Verve Pipe and Nirvana. There's this guy lousing back on the lobby across from me. He's wearing a fedora that's covering his eyes. He looks cool. Fedoras are cool. I wonder why guys stopped wearing them. I mean they look cool, especially in those old film-noir movies like The Big Sleep. I have no freakin' idea what that movie was about. The plot kept jumping like some kind of a grasshoper but it was OK. Some girls next to me are chattering/giggling. I hate it when people giggle that way. Its annoying. I hope I don't giggle that way then I'd be annoyed with myself. I wonder what it would be like to be somebody else. I mean what if I was the guy resting back on that couch? Would I be the same person in someonelse's body? Or someone different. I wonder if a different body makes you be different. I wish I had my CD player with me. Life sucks without it. Then again, it'll suck either way so I guess the CD player doesn't make much of a difference. I'm humming the tune to Something Stupid. Cute song. Though what the hell was up with Sinatra singing that with his daughter? Freak. But he's a cool freak. The weather here is always so damn sunny. I don't like sunny weather, it gives me a sun burn. I like it when the sky's all grayscale and it looks like its about to splatter down light rain. That's my kind of scenery. Always has been. Don't know why. I'm yawning now, even though I'm not all that tired. I wonder what the girl next to me is thinking. She looks like she's in really deep thought. Maybe she's thinking about lunch. No, lunch is over. Dinner. Yeah, maybe she's thinking about dinner. I can't wait until this week is over. What time is it? There's never a clock when I need one. Life's inconveniences. I'm looking at my wrist, at my nonexistant watch wondering what time is it. Hope I'm not late to class. Then again I was early to class the other day because I had my watch on upside down. My nails are too big, I need to cut them before I get a hangnail or something. My foots still numb, I wish the bloody thing would wake up since I've got a class to get to. I miss my friends back home. Hell I even miss my paranoid, stark-raving-lunatic of a mother. How pathedic. . I need a new pinky ring, this ones all rusty and broken down but I'm too attached to it. Its like one of those mothers that knows they have an ugly baby but love it anyway. Hey fedora-guy just woke up. Yeah, he's stretching his legs now. I wonder if my leg will ever move now. I wonder why people can't fly. I mean who wants cars and airplanes/jets when you can fly? That would be cool. I wish I could fly. But I wouldn't want wings, those would be too annoying to take care of. I also wish I could play the piano. But I guess desire never equals talent. Reminds me of Saliaree. Amadeus was a great movie. Great story. Fedora-dude is gone now, some other guy has taken his seat. He's not wearing a hat, but its OK. This guy's got long eye-lashes and a pointy nose. Pretty cool. I wonder if someday I'll wake up and everything was just one big nightmare. That would be great. I could start over. But knowing my luck, I'd just make the same mistakes. 


  When I got online tonight I was prompted with an instant message from an unknown person. The person, aka MuffinCheeseqn, asked me if they remembered me from last night. Last night! Last night I was with Sarah, my roomie, watching Shrek! I was totally freaking out. I was telling Sarah that I had a stalker! This "MuffinCheeseqn" kept telling me that they were beginging to get to know me better so they wanted me to keep talking to them. Talk about freaky! Well finally a message box came up stating that it was one of my friends that had played a joke on me. What a friend! It ended up being my roomie's cousin! 'Lil punk! Anyhoo, that made my night though. I've been over at my friend Danny's dorm working on a computer science program that is due tomorrow. I've been there since 5! I don't like the first program and I'm majoring in CS! What was I thinking! They should have a major in learning the ABCs! Oh man its only been 5 minutes. Man, I think Sarah needs to be quiet so I can concentrate on this writing assignment! lol! So Sarah has some pretty cute guys in her classes! I've seen some although she has failed to introduce me to them! OO I just remembered that I need to finish the pre-screening for the experiment requirements cause I really don't want to write a five page paper! I'm not very good at writing papers. Obviously! I'm not very good at calculus either. Although, today I actually understood something in my calculus discussion class! I probably will have trouble applying it to my homework problems though. Oh my gosh. I have a calculus midterm on FRIDAY! well next Friday. I have to do some major studying this weekend. This weekend my parents will be out of town. It will be the last time my parents can take a vacation for a year. My mom just got a new job! Yeah for my mom! She's been really therefore leaving my mom was out of a job. So we were living off of my dad's salary which isn't enough to pay all the bills. Thankfully my parents savings saved up but still taking a little every month will eventually end in 0. My mom looked for a job for almost 3 months before she just got hired last week. She doesn't have a college degree so that made it hard for her to find a job. That's why she wants me to get an education. She doesn't want me to. Sarah needs to shut up! She just walked into my room. OH MY GOSH she's singing the Fresh Prince of Bel Air Song! lol She just read what I wrote. OH MY GOSH now she's playing her mello. She's in the longhorn band. She's a big band nerd. I was once a band nerd. I played the sax! Wow I have like two minutes left! Well right now I'm feeling. Hungry! Obviously my thoughts are everywhere! Good-bye! 
