


Psychologists. Always trying to understand how the mind works, and how it doesn't work in some cases. Can such things be understood, or are we merely deluding ourselves that knowledge of any kind can be attained?  I guess I've always found psychology to be a very pretentious field. though an interesting one. We all want to control our lives, and anticipating the actions and desires of others helps us maintain that facade of control. Perhaps I'm getting into a more philosophical realm at the moment, but that is where my thoughts take me. Is free will merely an illusion?  I've thought about this a lot. Unfortunately there are no definitive answers to this or other questions. Is there a god?  I've never heard a logically sound argument for the existence of a god. I allow for the possibility of a deity, but it certainly wouldn't be the Christian God. I think ultimately that I have to agree with the existentialists. There is no proof for or against the existence of a god, so we should stop wasting time speculating and just deal with this life. Few people can deal with that. Our fear of death makes us create religions, so that we can pretend there is some semblance of life after our earthly bodies die. These are not new thoughts, I'm just thinking on demand; my mind moves most easily to the pathways it knows, and I present some of the more coherent ideas here. Is someone actually reading this?  Do you understand that I am human?  I am not an object. I am in a body, but I am not the body alone. I am a mind, vast and complex. I am. Do you feel superior because you can analyze minds?  I ask you this, so that you can ask yourself. Do you enjoy treating people as objects?  Do you even admit in your conscious mind that you treat people as objects?  Perhaps not. It's possible that I'm being slightly unfair to you and your profession. Still, it is good to raise questions. We are all just a bit too complacent and easily controlled. I see the need for religion, but I think many of us are above that. I don't need to buy my morality from someone else. What moralists and philosophers do I respect?  Plato, for his logic. Kierkegaard, except the theism. Kant, for his explications of metaphysics and epistemology. Nietzsche, except at the end of his days. LaVey, except for his dependence on rituals and his arrogance. Psychologists and behavioral scientists?  I stay away from most. At some point I'll get back into it, but I was just too turned off by Freud and his pretentious assumptions. Other reading?  Fiction, lots of it. I would name a few dozen authors but then why subject myself to the judgments of someone I can't even see. Music. I find music to be very important. You can't get by without music. And you can't just listen indiscriminately either. I think a real understanding of notes, rhythms, chords, and instrumentation is required before one can say anything about any kind of music. Do you understand music?  How are you reacting to my questions?  You must be used to asking the questions instead of having someone else ask them. Are you getting anything out of this?  Is this more interesting than most responses to the same assignment, or do you even care?  Are you turning to a colleague and saying "hey, this kid was actually making a futile attempt to understand my motives. "  Fun with role reversals!  I considered producing a surreal and rambling narrative for this assignment, but then you might have taken that a bit too seriously ("bob, we got another wacko here"). Ah well, time passes and other pursuits await. Goodbye for now.  


Today I bought the new Omoide Hatoba CD. Pure noise and noise art are very interesting forms of music. Sometimes there are lyrics to these songs. Most of the time they are just phrases being repeated, or just screams. Some bands have gone so far as to create their own languages. This type of music bypasses your brain and hits you straight in the gut. Words are a very limiting way of expressing how this music makes you feel. I need to remember to go to the video store tomorrow and rent "purple rain. "  Prince is very talented as a musician and actor. I would love top see him in concert. I really hope that the October 24 pavement concert will be confirmed soon. I cant believe that my English teacher is good friends with the lead singer. This is a strange assignment, it makes me wonder what other people will write, and who will read this. Will anyone read this?  What if someone writes something truly "offensive"  It's not their fault. One cannot be responsible for their words when they free write. Can you imagine if there was an assignment where the teacher tells the students, "Ignore all social constraints and act freely for the next 20 minutes"?  That would be pretty wild. In my everyday speech I often swear. By not swearing in this am I limiting myself. But how far can one free write?  How much can you open yourself up until its just words thrown together?  Grammar is not important to this, yet I assume you expect some common grammar to hold this together. Am I not free writing now?  I would like to go on tour with a professional wrestling league and write about their tragic lives. Professional wrestlers mutate their bodies with steroids to the point where they no longer seem human. They destroy their bodies and on occasion fight in steel cages. I wonder if they ever look in the mirror and ask themselves, "what have I done?"  "I'm not even human anymore"  Their job is to fake fight. The world of celebrities is quite interesting. I wonder if their is an equation that could make someone famous. I could use the scientific method. My hypothesis could be  "If one writes a song on the piano (Elton John style) about celebrity after they die, it will be a success. "  I could have started this when Versace died and continued it when Diana died. Of course this would not sum it all up,  but after numerous studies, I feel I could ultimately find a mathematical secret to success in the entertainment field. 


Stream of Consciousness? Well actually I've never done this before but it seems like there's nothing to it. I just tell you what I'm thinking, right? Well here is what I am feeling. Right now I am feeling anticipation because I have a load of laundry going downstairs. I really cant wait till its done. I guess this feeling of Anticipation is only natural since I am doing laundry. If I wasn’t doing laundry and I still felt like I was waiting for something then that might be a little bit out of the ordinary. I am also feeling a tad fatigued, considering that I have been up on my feet all day. I sense that I could also trace that to the fact that I only  got five hours of sleep last night. I cant stop typing for twenty minutes I cant stop typing for twenty minutes. This stream of consciousness stuff is really bizarre. It really makes absolutely no sense to me. That might be considered a  feeling of confusion or bewilderment stemming most likely from my misunderstanding of this assignment. From what I write will you guys over there be able to tell  what kind of person I am? There you go, another sensation: one of curiosity. That is I wonder why on earth am I doing this. I guess there can also be a slight feeling  of frustration since I am doing  something that I do see the purpose of. One thing that I do notice is that there are no margins on this site, so if I wanted to I could write and write and write and write and make one really long line , in a sense a veritable stream of consciousness. That wasn’t very clever. Anyway I was also wondering how many people create a phantom margin like I have been doing what does that tell you or me about me. Do I like order or do I like being able to see everything that I have written in front of my face. Well do you know what? Its both. I like order most of the time. I need to keep on typing I need to keep on typing I need to keep on typing. Another sensation I feel you say? Hunger. I have not  eaten in a while. Also I only ate one meal today. I guess that is a sign of stress. I am usually not that stressed out. I don’t really feel too much stress. My sleeping patterns are relatively normal(except for last night). I really cant figure out what this assignment does. Is this supposed to help me or you? IS this apart of some survey or something? From analyzing all these stream of consciousness documents will you be able to certain things and similarities we all share, thought patterns and what not? By the way, who should I be talking to anyway? I have been using "you" for a while. I feel like I've been talking to "you" for so long and we haven't even met. How's it going? My name is Walker. It is a  pleasure to meet you, "you. " Introductions aside, let's get back to this S. O. C. nonsense. Actually, let's not; my time is up. Take it easy. 


Right now I am very hacked off because it has taken me 30 minutes to find this home page using this very complicated computer. I'm not used to using Macs and it is very annoying. I also don't know why this screen doesn't scroll down. That is very annoying also along with this keyboard I’m using. Well I'm tired of complaining so I will start thinking about something else. I have to leave for my home town in 30 minutes because I have a court date tomorrow. My stepdad will be here and I'm sure he's going to complain about traffic. I hope he takes me to eat somewhere because I'm tired of dorm food. I can't think of anything to write so I'll write that. This assignment is very weird and I don't know how anything can come of it. What should I say?  I don't consciously know what I am thinking so I don't know what to type. I'm just sitting here trying to think of something profound to say. That is stupid considering that I don't have to say anything important but I guess that is what I'm used to doing when I write an assignment. Right now I'm staring at a picture of a whale's tale as it dives into the ocean. It really looks kind of stupid and I can't think of anything else to say about it. You psychology people are strange and I wonder what the heck you’re going to do with all these papers that are basically garbage. Are you going to do some experiment or what?  This is not what I am good at. Just writing what I think because I usually think about 3 or more subjects at a time and I can't type fast enough to get everything I'm thinking onto the page. Oh Well. Oops I made a grammatical mistake. this is very boring and I'm tired of typing. thank God I only have two more minutes of this. Hey now it's only one minute. Well, It's been nice sharing what 's in my brain with you and I hope you have fun studying what I've written for hours upon hours. I hope it helps in whatever you hope to accomplish. See Ya. 


I don't know what I should be doing right now. I mean life is so complicated and strange to me. My father says I can do whatever I want to at university and he will be happy with it, but the thing is if I do what I want then he would be pretty upset with me. Hell, he would disown me. I don't know why I have to do things in order to please him but I have to. Its like I have no choice. I am just starting to get his trust back and I don't want to lose that little bit that I have. You could say that I'm destined to do what other people want me to do. That is the way that society is these days. We are all conformed to a certain structure in life that we have to follow; and if we don't conform then we are outcasts and shunned by society. The "norm" they call it. Why does there have to be a "norm". I don't see why we can't live the way that we choose and be free. Oh well, back to happy thoughts. Amanda. There is a happy thought. I wonder. I wonder what?  I don't know. I guess I wonder if it will work. I'm nuts about he she is nuts about me, but we don't get to see each other as much as we would like. I guess that is true about a lot of couples. But I still don't know. What I do know is that I want to stay together, even though everyone is talking about us. I don't care how old she is. Hell, she is only 2 years younger that me so that doesn't matter. People are just making a big deal out of it because I am in college and she is a sophomore in high school. She is still a lot more mature than a lot of people older than me. She understands a lot of things. I guess that is because she grew up in Saudi. People there are generally more mature than people here in the states. We are forced to grow up faster than people here. We lose our innocence faster, and have to learn about the world and society as a hole much quicker. Lets leave it on this note. These are strange days that will challenge our true selves. I wish I could go deeper than that but I'm not going to spill all of my guts to a computer. Later babe. 


  Ouch, that hurts. Damn, damn, damn. I really don't care much for playing Doogie Howser as a homework assignment. My understanding is that I get to talk about anything I feel like. Well, today I feel like talking about the absence of love. I've never, and I never will. I know this because I know myself; I've been acquainted with myself for the past 18 years. But, you know what?  Love doesn't come easily to someone who's never been given the chance to cry over another. And disappointment rides high among those who look toward the intangible as an archetype. And perhaps, love may not be recognized by one who stages the downfalls and disappointments by crowning the archetype. And what becomes of these kings?  They assure an even greater upset. My hell!  Who knew they'd turn out to be. human-of all things?  They've been raised by nourishing mothers who want to keep the cycle from breaking down. It's a revenge thing. What's revenge if our elders can't play?  And don't think the players of the game don't know. They all do. In fact, they're the unpolished beads hung through a thin thread patiently awaiting the cut that shatters all they hold. The dirty bastards don't mean it on the surface, but somewhere inside, not too deep, they feed off of this perverse pleasure. These prowling demons inside sense it. They know it and follow it by every word that falls from your mouth. They know it by every action pouring out of your senseless heart. But, wait, hold on. There is a simple solution to this problem. Find that beating cacophony that wakes you in the midst of terror, and do the smart thing all women should have accomplished by the age of 10. Rip it out, spit on it, and flush it down that damn toilet. Praise God for victory!  No more heartbreaks, no more suicidal tendencies (so I've heard), no more anything. Anything. Anything. I guess, I wouldn't know. Coming from one who's never been within a foot of love, it may seem an improper thing to do. But for those who have ridden on this vanishing wave, I'm sure the former action seems more than appropriate. However, and oh, I apologize so profusely for changing the tone so quickly-it loses audience, but I do have other things to do. um, however, if this route of throwing the heart is chosen, don't forget to wave goodbye to the emotions which allow one to cry, laugh, or even, yes, of all things-the sole feeling which gives you a natural high for days, the sole feeling that allows you to run around the world three times blindfolded on one leg without any replenishing substances-the feeling of love. Go ahead. Hypocrite would be a swell characteristic for this girl. But, must I ask, what is it that consumes two people who are in love?  The look in their eyes, the energy radiating through their bodies?  What is it that makes them. beautiful?  All of the time. I've never felt a consistent beautiful for longer than two days. consecutively. My dear, patient friend, that's exactly how I know it must be this emotion that I've never felt. It must be love. That emotion not specifically defined by anyone. 


I'm feeling a little tired right now. I usually don't suffer from severe lack of sleep as I have this weekend. It's pretty interesting the way it affects my ability to concentrate. I feel like I don't read as well or  communicate ideas as well. This is really a weird assignment but I feel  like I would be taking the easy way out if I were to sit here and dwell  on that for twenty minutes so here goes. Someone is tapping on a table  or something in the next room. I hate it when people make a big ruckus  doing something like that and then they can't even keep a beat. Something I think is interesting is the way people can become dependent on new  technology in a matter of months. When my roommate and I first moved here to Austin we didn't have e-mail capabilities at first and I felt  completely cut off from the outside world. I was so relieved when we  were finally back online. I just figured out what that tapping was. It's  my roommate playing electric bass but it's not plugged in so there isn't  much pitch distinction. Like I always say: bass should be felt not heard. Speaking of my roommate, everyone has told me that it's a bad idea to live  with a friend at college and I think they were right. It's not that I don't like the guy. It's just that his annoying traits got magnified tenfold as  soon as we moved into a 15 foot by 8 foot room. Some friends came down from my hometown this weekend. Their visit made me  realize that as soon as I left for college, everything changed. Most of my relationships with people have been faded a little by the move and I'm sure it's an ongoing process. There are a couple of people, however that I actually feel closer too and surprisingly they're not here in Austin with me. I'm still trying to understand that. I guess when you're separated  from people by large distances, you kind of sort things out in your head and figure out who and what is important. It's like post traumatic  prioritizing. Ok, I think I've said what needed (or didn't need) to be said. 


Damn. Rum and Coca-Cola sure does taste good. Pretty fucking good, in fact. Hitting return after every line of text that I type really sucks. I see danger danger danger on the corner sent by me shadows the ways straight away you ran from me heard you calling yes I heard you calling heard you calling yes I heard you calling NO rules. Why do all the good groups have to stop recording before I get a chance to see them?  Why does everything piss me off?  When I smile, people see the devil. The devil's cool and all, but he's still the devil. In my dreams I saw you there it was kind of neat because after all I recognized you but it was still a dream about me about you about we never had a chance to get to know each other really well you were always this and I was always that and we were never it became a big problem when you took the easy way out of my mind but as I was saying it was a dream and you were there and so was I and I knew it was a dream but how could it have been a dream when it was so real life experience I started to fly, I started to defy gravity pulls us all back down to earth mother earth you angel you rock you bitch you have made everything so wonderfully evil because of you I am here and without you I would surely perish and it is all your fault and scar and torment you place deep inside of my soul wish is to be free yet I am not for I stand here wondering waiting for the time when I can be liberated, walk freely as you intended  but I saw you there you were. And you were dressed differently too. Not wearing earth clothing. Of course neither was I. Red, red, red. honor, courage. blood. Blood from me, blood from you, blood from US, from we, who I saw there we were wondering, waiting for something grand to happen upon us while we stood there. The clouds flew overhead like a fast motion video as the world passed us by. holding onto my trusty staff I heard the world around me scream, shout, laugh, cry. crumble  and crumble did I lost my eyes that day I found something different and the world has not been the same since I found them everything has been a little wild a little different a little crazy how things like this end up working out when we see each other, and when we went out back into the world from our little sanctuary from the world we were stuck in, hurt in  side my brain is where this shit all resides and I have a feeling it's stuck here because I'm still here and you're not 


What about this school, too many people running from place to place to be of any noticeable . meaning, any noticeable effect. I can't find the word trying to scribe all my thoughts brimming down. It is much easier for me to describe the pictures in my head, the vivid sensations I am accustomed to beholding within my minds own personal theater. I have developed my own way of thinking, so I like to think!, through day dreams and images, which I behold clearly even with my eyes open as if they happened in front of me. I like to write, but not this droning nonsense which may not receive the benefit of human eyes except for its execution and if, if it gets read. I am told it might not be, and it is this insignificance which repels me to the assignment. At least its easy, except for the internet part.  I have generally avoided this dismal institution for my years, I spit upon the "net" when it first gained its genesis, and I spit upon its multi-media, machination which steals the waking lives from people. But what of it, for that matter, they do it to themselves, I can not pity them for that. If they like computers to sunsets let them use paintbrush to engineer their own nature, but I prefer the real thing made of so much chaos and chance that these simple number-crunchers couldn't make anything with that much sensation, that much depth. That is what lacks in these computers, they are vicarious to life. Not that I condemn them, they are useful tools, and not that I condemn their junkies or pushers for the fact of the creation, and not that I live my life to its fullest potential as it may sound I condemn the computer junkies for not doing. Its just that, I guess, I have found my own niche in the wall of the world, my own peaceful way of doing things that is inhibited by the computer only slightly, in the way that I hate it and most embrace it. I am hypocritical in this matter as well: I own a computer myself, and use it nearly every day. I like to think, probably falsely, that my downfall in the machine is not so complete as those web-surfers who spend 8+ hours browsing the electronic dreams of men. But then, my won mind produces the dreams I live in: whose to say which is worse?   I prefer to see pictures of the world inside my own mind, and I can contrive any number of vicarious situation, locations, persons, emotions, sunsets, anything I want with a near vivid copy of the real things my eyes behold. Is this the same as the infernal computer? Is this any less debilitating a habit to daydream in ways even more real than my own, insignificant life? I say insignificant, and I mean it, not in a degrading matter or that I don't feel I have made full use of my potential or that I want for a better standard or situation in my own life, but that it is the truth that all humans are insignificant, no matter how important or influential, save in the numbers of our immense crowd.  I'm sure philosophers have pondered the subject as I do right now for a useless computer, but as I have mentioned, I prefer the daydream, I prefer the novel, and I prefer the realistic sunset to a game of doom(not to say that the particular pastime isn't fun, I'm just as guilty as wasting an hour or so, but I haven't followed it up as many have with the endless assortment of clones that rock the computer gaming industry). I am bored with writing this as though I think in words, because normally I do not. Normally I prefer to think in sight, in sound, and even smell(though that's a hard one to master, I don't think I shall). So now I think its time to stop this wonderment I have going and describe what I think about when I don't do it in words:   Flashing colors, sometimes geometric-shapes, until I can find something to build the energy in mind into. I remember during psych class when I began to waver off(which I am in habit of doing, sometimes at the wrong moment), daydreaming about my Kendo class coming up soon. I thought about a stalwart master standing over me as I held out a bamboo sword, poised straight and steady. I though about going over the moves I knew so well, I am quite a fan of kendo and cannot wait to take the actual class. I hope, though, that my daydream will predict some of the success I hope to have, but I still recognize that it was not real, only a contrivance, and I will have to wait for the fact to see. back tot he daydream I enjoy remembering, and have thought about since. I then imagined as though I were past the class, but somehow not in the real world as we know it, but somewhere where the sword still ruled the land. I think now it must have been my own idea of feudal Japan, but needlessly I walked around in nothing but a (I forget now what the karate uniforms I have donned so many times are called) but I was wearing one of those, carrying a real sword this time, trudging through muddy roads through a country side constantly lit by an orange, pasty sun.  I can’t remember where it went form there, but needless to say much violence, honor, and success followed. That's how my daydreams sometimes run, but sometime they are more erratic. Sometime I let my mind go, though I do have extensive control, and watch bizarre unfoldings before me of pictures melting together, sometimes a forgotten memory boiling up from the depths of my mind, but more often a collage of unearthly landscapes. I have done extensive travel in the southwest of our country, sometimes willing, sometimes not, and have amassed a great many memories of the landscapes. Enough memories, in fact, to create my own realistically, though vicariously, through my daydream ability. Sometimes I imagine titanous walls of huge cliffs, eaten away by a river evidently, but impossibly showing the scores of rain as though it were eroded by that force alone, topped with greenery though the valley below is of rocks and tumbled stones. I like to visualize. I like to visualize so much that on the last vacation I made special note to remember the best landscapes I saw, and discovered in the process that I couldn't remember the scenes if I wore sunglasses. Without them, I could remember the sharpness of Shiprock, the depth of the Grand Canyon, the crumbling stones of Chaco and Mesa Verde. But with sunglasses on, I found I could not remember the details, they seemed clouded and sometimes distorted as thought he glass stole away the true definition of the pictures I wanted to remember.  That is the unfortunate part of my visualizing saga, sometime I mar and twist my own memories into fantastic visages only seen in movies, and then find I cannot twist them back. Sometimes I remember the waves at Galveston quite a bit larger then they really were, the sun at the most vivid sunrise I recall that much brighter and golden, though taken from the special effects house and spliced with my memory. and I wonder which is better? To have the memory unaltered or to have the memory better, improved and refined into something so stunning to remember or think about that I might include it in stories. That's how I write, too. don't think out the story, I see though it were a movie flashing before my eyes, I hear it though a speaker were plugged next to me, I feel it though I were in it myself. Sometimes I think about conquering the world, so much to the fact that I have it all planned out. I feel safe writing about here, because it is doubtful anyone will read this carefully or pay attention to it, but I am confident enough of my long-term plans that I would feel bad if someone didn't have the warning. Maybe just fancy, but we will se won't we? If not, then I'll die a normal life, or maybe get a few books out and receive some fame, not as much as I'd like the money though. I'm sure I’ve met the twenty minute interval, but I forgot to check the clock so I'll keep writing a little longer to be sure to satisfy the requirement. So now I will daydream for sure, and write it as I see it, as though it were happening. NO, I better not, it would probably appear too much like my writings, but I will go ahead and make-visualize a new landscapes like I did up there(Earlier) because I enjoy it so much.     I see a rising pyramid, sitting atop a four-cornered stone terrace that hold the point towards a sky with two suns, one burning bright and vaguely familiar to our own, the other a hazy blue color, lazily sitting near the point. surrounding it is the ruins of a city, not Egyptian though, but more reminiscent of the Roman culture, with tilted columns and ruble returning to the desert. The sand is a yellow with glitter, like mica flecks imbedded in the sand, which is hot tot he touch  but not ruff, it runs like silk through the hands. My hands? I don't know, I just watch. The valley surrounding is windswept, though, perhaps they must be my hand because it appears quite desolate. The wind whips the sands into speeding wraiths across the amazingly flat area around, somehow no dunes develop, though. I wonder how that could be. I said valley, but I do not see any moutons or hills around. I wonder what prompted me to describe it as such. If I were writing a book, I would have changed it or added in a distant mountain line, but not so here. The sand seems compacted though, to the foot, though a hand can easily dislodge it, though it seems to flow back into place. It reminds me of the black sands of California, more gray then black, but equally as smooth and mica filled. Perhaps that's where its glintiness comes from, a mixed memory of TV and actually physical things I've seen. Sometimes its is, most times, though, it is merely illusion, merely contrivance, so I will let it go at that,  


I feel weird I know I’m about to pull an all nighter and I have this eternal sense of flux but I’m not in anguish at all I’m actually euphoric some how like I said I’m feeling weird that's why I’m doing thins now I don't know really what I’m supposed to say but I guess it doesn’t matter well I’m kind of at a stand still I hope you can read all of my word I’m a totally phonetic speller you see I’m dyslexic how ever you spell it well I’ll just start talking then things are always weird well nothing is normal it's not suppose to be that would be incredible boring and stagnate but  it's just we never know were we are and never know exactly what we want and even if were some were we never know is this really were I want to be  is this what I want to do I guess it don’t matter much were always were  we are and were always how we are entail we change which is normally but different than how I usually am because its different but I’m not indecisive  I think I just question it all and I’m yet to come up with the answer  tired but awake I actually like this and I cant what to participate in the  experiments ( I’m lazy and all I do is procrastinate that’s why this  allnighter thing is happening) tired but wanting to do my work I actually get cote up in it when I actually do it I like working but I procrastinate  there's all ways people to talk to and women to hit on and don't get me wrong I just need people my friend and especially the female ones I just need close  people that all is there to be with and together nothing more the one  but any way I get mad at my self for not doing what I need to in school because  I actually like it all I love learning but I just cant put my ass in the  chair and sit once I do I get it done and have fun doing it I still feel weird just lackadaisical and it's one of the few times I feel like reading and  studying even though I do like it when I do it I feel like I’m giving you the  wrong info. just not what your looking for well sorry but it happens  I think I want to do work because my body wants me to sleep and I’m just procrastinating from that like usual its also why I’m taking so long to  do this its not reading its just like me sitting out side talking but I guess its enough and I hope it works for what you want  so  I’ll put me always  phrase in here and say good bye   have fun          


Writing about the stream of consciousness is really not my thing. The only  thing I understand is that I am suppose to put my feelings and thoughts as of  now, on paper. Well, what I am feeling right now is tiredness. Last night I  only had 5 hours of sleep and I am really tired and sleepy right now. I figure, since I have time to kill, I better do it completing an assignment that requires action and movement to keep me awake. I am suppose to meet a friend for lunch at 3 o'clock and it is merely 1:30. As I said before, I really need a nice  comfortable mattress so I can take a nap. Other than feeling really tired and lazy, I am also feeling happy. I am glad that I am where I am and grateful  for my parent. I realized that that last sentence really didn't make any sense. Oh, well. In a way I can blame the tiredness I have inside of me on myself and  partially on my cousin. I blame myself because I stayed up late on the phone talking to the friend that is taking me out to lunch today. Then I can blame my cousin because she wanted me to take her to get her immunization shot. Then  what turns out is that the clinic we went to did not operate immunization. Which brings me now to understand that I am frustrated as well. Being that the  clinic that we went to, didn't do immunization, I am going to have to wake up  early again on a different day to bring her to another clinic. I really, really hate waking up early. No matter what it is for, it has to be pretty important for me to get away from dreamland. This seat that I am sitting on right now is really too high for me. Either that or I am really short. The seat is so high that it has my legs hanging off the  ground. Which really sucks because it is making my knees hurt. They feel sore now. The truth is, is that I am really not that short. I am 5'4", so that is about average. Anyway, I realize now that writing about your consciousness is really strange and something your think about at the spur of the moment. Trying to put every- thing down is kind of frustrating when you cannot type as fast as you think. Well, the 20 minutes are up and I have to run. I don't want to bore the person who will be reading this. Although it is already boring as is. 


I tried to get onto your pretest experimental thing and it didn't let me on that's very bad for m e since I will have to waste more damn time tomorrow doing it I heard it takes a long time to do. This whole college thing is really starting to scare me I missed my Si session today for Rtf and let myself down. I f you want to make an impression on these people you have to grab them by the balls with a 4. 0 average. How am I going to do that when I have already missed one of the damn Si's  I'm telling you I better get my act  What am I even doing here I need to get my mind on other things like movies why aren't your thoughts ever on movies they're always on what to do to impress the next person . Just get ahead of thy game early and you'll do fine  God I hope I get a $. 0. $. 0 the way to go. I don't want grad school though California Vivian Yeah that's where I'm going to be in a while no matter what. I have it the right stuff. Ed Harris. Good movie. Remember what the guy at Northwestern said The Right Stuff had god use of parallel editing. where you edit two frames together that are similar in how the shot is set so as not to disrupt the audience's attention. What is the audience's attention . Movies. this paper what am I rambling about I wonder if the proff will read this Jesus you type like a gorilla . Sigourney Weaver Gorillas in the Mist about some ape lady Aldrich something. Ironic that was in our psychology book. ironic but not funny just ironic sue me I took a pause to see how much time I had left this is all anyway what is it supposed to prove that our mind wanders is it supposed to give us some great insight into how we think  rrAAh. it is pretty fun and it will be interesting to read over this am I supposed to wow I'm a slow typist that sucks. What was it sophomore year that I got a B in keyboarding yeah I told Chad Crady about Stephanie McKinnon and we always used to fight each other in class and he'd pretend that I was beating him up why are you and all of these people so concerned about each other especially women is it just to procreate that we are interested in women or is it like Psychology. professor says that there can be different views on the whole thing. Of course dumb question there can be different views on every thing but which is the right one?  time up 


I lost interest of the situation but after a whole summer of not talking to her I started to miss her. I had attempted to email her but she never responded, I guessed that she was mad at me. I have emailed her 6 times with no reply but I am a persistent bastard so finally today, in fact just before I opened this page I decided to check my email as I do every day and there was her email. it explained that she had not checked her email all summer, it may not be true but it works for me. I proceeded to write her back thereby postponing this assignment around 10 minutes. I will eagerly await her reply as I basically demanded to see her. We'll see if she accepts. I never checked to see when I started this but I will keep on writing until I run out of shit to say. I assume that cursing is not a problem, I understand that this is a class full of naive little freshmen but I think we are all mature enough to hear such profanities, don't worry I wont go pornographic or anything but the instructions were to write what was on my mind and I am an avid cusser so I hope this will do (that is if anyone actually reads this masterpiece of stream of conciousness writing). now I am running out of things to say. I like most of my classes. my major is biochemistry. I am 20 years old. I have brown hair blue eyes,  I like to play football watch football,  OPENING DAY IS SUNDAY!  I live for football actually,  I like movies, I am filling in space. this is odd and I am going to stop now. thank you kent 


not as much concentration, nor as deep a thought. I have always had a problem with being too easily distracted - like now I just lost my train of thought. I try to think about too many things at once and I do not really have a choice about what I think. when I was doin the pretesting I often found that if any question required any thought or recoolection at all I was drawn a blank at it. I simply could not look deeply into what I saw. I have related this problem to many possible sources - this is why I decided that I did not want to smoke marijuana. it is also why I am thinking that I should not smoke. it is possible that smoking could have a depressive effect on the mind. maybe I do not drink enough water, or sleep too little or too much. there really is no way to know for certain. I should probably just lead the best life that I know how instead of the easiest, which is what I do. I know there are things I need to get done, things that I do which are just wasting my time, and things that I know are just plain wrong but I always reason my way around these issues. or rather I just stop myself from thinking about them. it really cannot be good to be like this - I am feeling like I inhaled a little too much glue - actually I am probably just using the computer too much. by continuously focusing on an external source of entertainment right in front of me I feel that I am rotting my brain. this assignment is not helping either because I am not allowed to stop and think about things - once again I am simply functioning on the basest level possible. I like the movie the stand a lot, and I have read the entire book once and the first half two more times. I never really can finish it, but this last time that was because I decided that reading was bad for me. in all honesty, it is probably better for me thatn enything else I do because it might encourage deep thought. I should probably also listen to music without words - one is forced to think deeply with that because there is nothing else really for your mind to do. I listen to the play les miserables all the time now - and it is interesting because it is a very sad play - in a way it makes me sadder than anything. I feel like I would cry if I would ever cry, but I never do. I cry maybe once every year or two, and it is usually for something silly. the last time I cried sincerely was when highschool ended I had just listened to I will remember you, the sound they played at graduation. I also saw grease and st. elmo's fire, both of which remind me of high school. soon after I cried quite a bit over the loss of something which I didn't really care about in the first place. I think it is because I have never liked the end of anything, and the end of highschool is much like the end of the first section of you life. although there is a marginal change from elementary to junior high, and junior high to high school, they are still organized schools in the public school system, often ever within the same school district. every day at 7 am you get up to prepare for school which you are required to go to at 8. there are tardies and classes and a bell and teachers that know your name. lunch is in a cafeteria at a specific time and there is a meal of the day that you must pay your 1. 50 or 1. 75 for. it is really all the same thing, just twelve different grades in the same school. college is more like a job than like the old school system - it is a huge change. I simply hope that my friends don't go crazy and decide to move off or something after college. this would be the death of me because I will not, can not, and don't want to make new friends. however, I have found that no contact with friends slowly drives me mad. I would love for me jere and nolan and robert to stay local forever. I would like them all to, but I do not see how I could live without at least (robert and nolan), (jeremy and robert), (mark and robert), (robert and ben), (jeremy and ben), (jeremy and mark). therse combinations would be able to keep me satisfied for just about forever. of course, you know the freakin psychos will all go off and get married like the sick bastards that they are. they should read a little bit of saint paul, the fools. he knew the wisdom about not getting married. that was one of the things that pissed me off about your pretest. it asked is my shyness  interfered with my dating or something like that. no, my shyness doesn't interfere with my freaking dating, cause I don't date!  I never will date, I barely ever have dated, and I think that people who do date should be lined up and flogged until they come to their senses. in my junior year people always used to say, well craig, you are just bitter cause you can't get any. well, at the time that was partially true, but since then I have had opportunity galore. in my senior year, jana (the cheer leader), heather, myriah, jill, and melissa all openly admitted that they liked me. did I pursue?  did I?  well, I admit I foolishly wen out with jana (worst mistake of my life, btw). but no one can say that I can't get any. no sir. there was a girl on my floor last year that may have liked me (the only girl I have bothered to meet in all of college so far). peopl also say well just wait until you meet the right person craig - then you will change your mind. well who are they kidding?  I already said that I had no interest in meeting any people at all. I have met basically zero peopl since I have been in college. I met my roommate, and I briefly spoke to nero and christina (I think that was her name) but that is it. I have met no one in my classes nor do I have any remote interest in meeting them. once last year a girl called me up to ask me to study with her (highly possible that she was interested in me as well) but I had no interest in doing so. I sat there in terror hoping that she wouldn't ask me to study with her, for I would have to turn her down which I hate to do. that will probably how I will end up getting hitched. I just won't be able to say no. I am terrible at that. 


it was an awesome meal went to Chuys. the best chicken enchiladas I have ever had. my friend jay came to visit out of the clear blue. just showed up at my door today. I was pretty excited about seeing him. I really miss san Antonio. I miss my  family a lot. talked to my mom today. she says how much they all miss me there and how empty the house is without me. whatever. I'm the one in a claustrophobic dorm room living with a complete stranger. at least they still have each other. I'm the one on my own. don't get me wrong, I love the freedom of living on my own, it's just a little bit hard to make the transition at first. especially if you're as close to your family as I am. all of my really close friends are at a&m. that's weird. my two best friends from the first grade(we all used to live on the same street)go to school there and complain that they miss me. at least they are together. I have a lot of friends here and a lot of people I know(I never run out of things to do)but it just isn't the same. don't have that bond with other friends. oh, well. make new friends but keep the old. I met a really cool girl the other day. she's in my RTF class. man, that class is so huge 500 people!  I'm so worried about doing well in that class cause it's my major and I really want to make an a in there. the TA said that none of us would do as well as we think we will on the first test. great. that makes me feel good about it. it is really interesting, though. I hope I picked the right major, though. it's such a competitive field. I want to do really well. not just push a camera around for big stars for the rest of my life. I want to be one of the big stars. that would be a dream come true. wow. I don't even really know what I want to do with my degree yet. sometimes I think that that's cool and that I'm only 18 and I don't need to know all of that stuff just yet. then again, I'm in school and my parents are paying a lot of money for my education. I don't want to disappoint them and become one of those drifters who can't decide what they want to do until they have already been in college for like, ten years and by then they're too old to get a really awesome job anyway cause all the younger, smarter kids are getting them first. that would not be good. then I think, I'm dwelling on it entirely too much and I should just enjoy college, get the education I came here for and get on with my life. just sort of go with the flow. I don't normally stress out, but when I sit alone and actually think about it for a while, it all becomes sort of scary. you know, where I am in life. where I am going. where am I going?  that's the hard part(and it's sort of exciting)is not knowing the future. not knowing what is going to happen from day to day. we just take life as it comes. I have a class at nine in the morning . it is so freaking hard to wake up for that class every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'm really proud of myself cause I haven't missed a single day of class yet. a lot of people I know have been skipping out. it's so easy to do. but not me. even when it was pouring rain outside, I still went to class. soaking wet. I'm so concerned about doing well. 


Looking at this assignment I'm trying to think freely but it is constantly in my mine that I want a good grade. Like every other student, I don't like doing homework but I writing so it is okay. I have been writing papers all day because the teachers have been craming us with homework all weekend because od a long weekend. I know I should have done this earlier but I am a procrastinator and I often wait until the last minute. I am slowly changing that habit because I know I can't procrastinate if I want to do good in school. My feelings towards this paper is kind of wierd because I don't know what I am suppose to be feeling. I am just writing what comes to my mind. Honestly I don't even understand the topic. All I know is that I'm suppose to write non stop for twenty minutes and put down anything that comes to my mind. I know this has nothing to do with school but I keep thinking about my girlfriend back in houston. I was suppose to see her this weekend but her parents wouldn't let her come up to Austin. It is okay because I know I'll see her next weekend. I was going to write this earlier like on Friday but my friends came to visit me and stayed here for the weekend so I didn't find time to write this assignment. So far I like the class because it is the only one that interests me. all my other classes are boring. The is the only class that I enjoy the lectures in. I'm not saying this just to make the professor happy. I'm saying this because I mean it. I am running out of things to write about because nothing is coming up to mind right now. Oh yeah, I think the experiments are a good idea because the students get to do something fun in order to earn their grade. I thought about writing the research papper because I think that might be easier but I think the experiments would be funner. I have met some people in class and they seem to be pretty nice. I also met some of my friends that I already knew who came here from houston just like me. I have no idea what this writing is for nut since the teacher ask us to do it I am. I don't know how long I have been writing because things have been just coming into my mind. I thought I would be watching the time a lot but it is suprising me that I am not. I just keep writing until I don't know what else to write. Well things are starting to stop coming into my mind. All I am thinking about is how I can make this paper keep going longer without me having to stop. Will I think my feelings for the past twenty minutes have been exciting, anxious, lost, suprise, and not understanding. This has been a interesting paper because I have no idea what I have been writing. Well I guess ill push the submit button now. 


I don't really want to do this assignment, I think it's tedious and I want to go to sleep. I haven't had much rest lately, but socializing with my friends is important to me too. I want to study, but I'm totally lost at what I want to do because I have so much work to do. I think I will study psychology first before I study my EE book. I miss my brother, he's so cool. Looking around the room, it feels full, but empty at the same time. This music in the background is cool, I'm glad I burned the cd today. I hope my dorm mates don't get mad that I'm turning it up so loud. I don't really care that much though. I want to go do something besides work. Everyone around here is studying, but I am not. I feel like I'm forgetting to study for something. I wish I went to see that movie last night, It sounded really cool. My neighbors are great, but I don't know if their real or fakes. i am so cynical. I don't understand why I don't trust anyone. I wish I could trust people more, but I think I trust too much already. I don't know. I think I'm going to call an old friend today, see if he wants to do something. Houston seems so far away from here, I miss my family. I don't understand why people don't miss their family here, I seem to be the only one. I try to call them everyday, but it seems like the telephone conversations isn't enough. I want them to be near me. The houses around here look really beat up and old, maybe they should live a little farther away. The concert I went to was pretty cool. i had a good time. It was strange, off all the concerts I went to, this one had a lot of good looking girls. It must be the type of music it is. I wish my taste in music was more targeted to good looking girls. But, I hate the music those girls listen to, it's so bad. I don't understand how they can listen to such garbage. Man, my trash can is full, when I'm done I think I'll throw out the trash. Why do people keep leaving garbage in here, it's not just us. I hope that my computer doesn't crash again. It's built well, but I seem to be slacking off on computer studying. I don't know as much as I did or wish to. I love computers so much though. I wish I could be rich like those million or billionaires. But, then again, I don't want to be too greedy, maybe if I could just provide enough for my family. I think I wouldn't like to be rich, maybe just comfortable and liking what I do. I hope EE is what I like to do, my decision making ability is really putrid. I don't think I like writing this. My hands are getting kinda strained. I think I'm going to go and throw away the trash, oh wait, I still have another assignment to do, wow, I'm glad I remembered to do this assignment, I don't want a bad grade only 4 weeks into the school year. Okay, I think I want to finish this up. Thank you for listening to my psycho-babble, I hope it benefits you more than it ever did for me. okay. I think ill stop now. bye. 


I really miss all of my people back home. I really miss kim I wish she would take me back. I miss having her around to hold me and make me feel happy. I really really miss being happy. I can't seem to do it on a regular basis without her. why did she break up with me. I still realy don't understand. I was very good to her. lacey said I was her favorite out of all of kims boyfriends. seems like that says something. but I guess not. were still broken up and I don't see that changing any time soon. excpet I wonder what that big long letter was going to be about. I find that very interesting. could she have written about how much she misses me and wants me back. who knows, hell, I may never know and thats the problem. I really want to know. I want her to be honest with me about everything that goes through her mind about me. I would love if she would just write down every thought she ever has about me and just tell me. that would make things so much easier for me. it may hurt sometimes, but at least I would know. that would make me feel a lot better. I really hope she writes me back to tell me what that letter said. it bothers me that I can't know. I wish she wouldnt have even told me that she had written that damn thing. now its going to be on my mind all the time. at least until she tells me what it said or at least what it was about. thats all I want to know. I want to know if it said she wanted to get me back, or if she never wanted to talk to me again. I think she still wants to talk to me cause I know she cares about me. lacey told me that, and I know that. but I just want to know what it said. and I want to know what kathryn was talking about when she said that brad and john said they were talking about how I stalked kim. when could I have done that??  I was out of town, so its pretty impossible that I could have stalked someone 800 miles away. I wonder if kim thinks that I stalk her. I don't know how she could think that. its really silly to think that someone would think that. but kathryn said that brad may have told her that just to make her happy. why would it make kathryn happy that I stalk kim, even though I don't. I guess cause now kathryn knows that someone hurt me as bad as I hurt them. oh well, forget that idea. kathryn and I are friends now so it shouldnt matter that I got hurt by kim. it should make kathryn sad when I am sad. I know it does cause she told me when she called me to see how I'm doing. so I know that brad was lying now. kim never thought I was stalking her. if she did why would she still talk to me. I just wish that when she talks to me she would say that she wants me back. just like in that damn song. "when I go fishing for the words I am wishing you would say to me I'm really only praying that the words youll soon be saying might betray the way you feel about me" yeah thats how it is for me. since I think she doesn't want me back yet. it would be such a good thing if she did. even though I would see her about once a month and we are 150 miles apart. oh well. cest la vie. I could deal with that just to know that she is committed to me. thats all I really want from her. I just want to know that she is committed to me. this sucks royal ass that shes probably out running around with hundereds of guys, and I'm here being miserable. if I ever found out that she was I would just go crazy. I wouldnt be able to deal with that at all. that would push me over the edge, like I'm not close enough already. even now that I'm here all I do is think about her. I've thought about her too much. I should be trying to find someone here that I can be like that with bt I really can't. I wouldnt mind meeting that vollyball player that alex was telling me about. she sounds really cool. if it was her that I saw today with that coach then shes really hot. and shes a christian too, so that would help me if she was. plus she lives a lot closer than kim or wendy or julie or erica. that would make things so much easier on me. I would really like to fall for this girl. then I could get my mind off of kim. if she doesn't come back to me, then I need to get my mind off her. but its too hard. I loved her too much. I still do. thats what sucks so much. but what can I do. not a thing in the world. I can love her all I want but if she doesn't love me then its all worthless. that bothers me to death. this is my first day of class and all I can think about is her. I liked my classes today. I have homework in every one of them. I should be thinking about that, but I'm still thinking about her. thank god my time is almost up on this thing. my wrists are getting tired. and my fingers too. this is really ridiculous. but I do see the point in it though. times up. bye 


At this particular moment I am considering whether or not I should have started this stream of consciousness thing or whether I should be cooking some food. Since I'm pretty hungry, I'm not sure it was a good idea for me to have started this knowing that I have to keep typing for another 19 minutes or so. Hopefully my stomach will hold out long enough. Other than that I am wondering why you are having us do this assignment. Is it like the experimental research that is required; are some of our samples going to be used in some psychological theory?  Or, is this for our benifit, will I come to some startling realizations about how my mind works that will totally change my life?  Well, tracking what I have written so far, it appears that my priorities are food, and other necessities. Then I go on to question the purpose of this assignment. It appears that whoevers hierarchy idea was correct. I'm thinking Mavlov, but I might be wrong. any way he said that once the basic needs were taken care of then the person should work on the higher needs such as love and peace and democracy and all that, but untill everyone can be secure in an environment with their needs provided for them they will not be to worried about the finer things in life or be able to attain them for that matter. For that matter. for that matter I don't even know what for that matter means. I guesse it  means also. what a waste of words. wow I'm also noticing that I have stopped using propper pronunciation. cool. I guesse thats the assignment so  who am I to argue  hmmmm   pronunciation is a waste of time  a constriction gets in the way of us getting our thoughts onto a hyperlinked web page  I suppose the brain doesn't think in pronunciation but it sure helps everyone else if the writings are organized in one particular manner anyway I don't really care about that too much I think the real reason for this assignment is so that we will get comfortable with this set up. I'm sure the real objective will be revealed in a later assssignment this is just getting us used to it and able to pour our thoughts over teh keyboard in a somewhat coherent if illogical way. why am I so interested in teh purpose?  hmm. maby I should just do it and not care what teh purpose is maby ignorance is bliss  maby this is a psychological evaluation by the fbi to determine if I am eligible to be a programmed assasin like mel gibson in conspiracy theory, ironic that was a consppiracy therory of my own coincidence ?  I'll let whoever reads this thing, if anyone, decide. Like I said before I need to make some food because I'm hungry I know I'm supposed to do this for 20 minutes but I wasn't really keeping tracki of  time but since I type faster and think faster than the  aaverage person I'm sure that I put enough stuff down to count yeah proba ly so proavba lj asdflja  probably so. 


I'm supposed to be writing from my stream of consciousness. I guess I'll find out how random my thinking is, as if I didn't already know. I really like this CD too bad this is his only one. I wonder what CD I should listen to next. I should try to call Janet again. I really want her to come visit me up her. I know how much she likes Austin. I'm really glad that I didn't buy those tickets for the Chemical Brothers since now I have a math test that night. I wonder when the concert starts. I really do want to go. And the concert is the day after my birthday, it would be a present to myself. Plus, I've been waiting 2 years for them to play in Texas. I really like this song. This room is rather boring. We definitely need to get some more stuff on the walls. I have to make a list of stuff to pick up when I go home, otherwise I will forget everything and I don't know when I'll be going home again. I think I'll listen to Semisonic next. I haven't listened to that CD in awhile. I'm glad I decided to bring the CD with me. Today is Deidre's birthday, and Allison's. I should send Allison a card. I wonder if Kisha got the one I sent her. I need to get a prepaid calling card so I can talk to her. She needs to come visit me too. I should probably email her again. This bed is so hard, it's making my back hurt. But I have to admit, it's not quite as hard as the one I had during orientation. You would think the mattress would give some after having so many people sleeping on it. I miss my bed at home. It's so comfy. Wow there are a lot of people walking by all of a sudden. I think that this is one of the coolest assignments I've gotten in a long time, it's much better than all the busy work I had to do last year. My mom will be happy to know that I like my psychology class. I won't be talking about music all the time, I'll actually have something related to my major to tell her. Well I think that's been my 20 minutes of truly intelligent thinking. 


I really hope my parents let me get a motorcycle. It would be so much easier getting around campus if I had one, versus driving a car and having to park two miles away and walk the rest of the way in one hundred degree heat. I would be the perfect candidate for a motorcycle, I never speed, I don't have a single traffic violation and I have been driving for two years, I am a very defensive driver, and it is the perfect thing to get arounf in at U. t. If I do get a motorcycle I am going to get a Kawasaki Ninja ZX-6R, it is a perfect bike for me because it is not to big, but it is still just as fast as the larger displacement bikes. Practicality is a big plus, but it would also be nice to have a nice bike to drive around campus. I think I deserve the motorcycle because the rest of my friends all have very nice things and I am the highest achieving out of all of them, all my friends have brand new cars and trucks, but I got a super used old piece of junk. I know I am going to buy all the things I never had when I make a lt of money, which hopefully will be within a couple of years. A lot of people tell me that U. t. engineers, especially electrical engineers, which is what I am,can make very good money while they are still in college with internships and summer jobs. Or my parents would give me the money they had saved up for college if I could get a company to pay for the remainder of my college, by signing an agreement to work for them for a given amount of time. My electrical engineering mentor whom also is an honors student said he made six thousand dollars a month for the summer after his sophomore year. If I could make that much and I was still having fun, like I am now, I would stay and get my masters in either engineering or business, because if I could make fifty to seventy thousand a year my first year out of college, who knows how much I could make with an advanced degree. I would spend so much money on my parents to try to show how thankful I am for putting me in the position I am. I would also spoil myself as well, I would have the finest clothes, the fastest cars, and the most material things. I also enjoy the fact that after four years of electrical engineering I  should be a pretty intelligent person, whom hopefully capable of law shcool, grad school, or beyond.   


The day has flown by, work computer science homework, but it was a nice day, I was wearing black which was dumb because the sun was shining and it was really hot. U know about how black seems to attract the most colors or that the most colors get absorbed so it actually makes everything hotter. Plus I was wearing jeans which made it worse, I would have actually preferred to wear shorts but going to work on the first day wouldn't have been smartest with dressing so casually know what I mean? but anyways  back to the point. I met some interesting people today. I talked to Kevin for a while actually only a couple of sentences I had to go soon. but I wanted to go to the TA to see if he can help me with my cs homework turned out he wasn't there. don't know where he went. but I don't care tho. actually I did, u know how things seem to be worse when nothing seems to be going ur way? well it's almost quiet right now, I think the crickets are chirping which is horrible because its really annoying. typically I'm not a violent person. but it's something about crickets. I have no idea. I don't know what it is. Sarah is asking what it is and she was checking to see if it was the AC I hope that the crickets aren't in the room, it's like frogs croaking at nite before u go to sleep or the heater going on. but it's hard to concentrate with all that noise. but I think I can manage. anyways what was I talking about? oh yeah my cs homework, I came back from work and just asked Eric for some help since he has a computer I went at around one thirty becuase I came back at around one from work grabbed my computer and talked to kevin and then went down to Blanton to see Marty play the piano, I just asked him to come with me to Painter. good! finally the chirping has stopped some guy is banging on the AC poor crickets. but it's finally stopped cool!! anyways I went to the dorm room in jester which was a fifteen minute walk. fifteen minutes sometimes is a long way but not when ur determined. fifteen minutes is to gregory gym, which is good but sometimes when I'm walking to RLM it seems like it'll take forever and I'm just five minutes away, why does it seem to be so far?  I needed to take a break sometimes. which is totally weird. oh well. hmm. there's a coke can around me and it's been there for a couple of nites actually only around three days or around two. martin got it for me the day before and I just decided to leave it in the fridge. I should probably just recycle it. the recycling bin isn't that far away. only like a two second walk actually around one minute. more or less. give or take a few it's near the trashcan and stuff it's kept in the washing room. it has a washing machine and a dryer and also it has like a sign-up sheet so that people can get to it easier instead of waiting u just take a time period of around three hours u know? anyways it's an iron board in there and a broom and mop. which reminds me that the room is getting dirty. looking at the computer it looks really cool. it's miniature, I almost didn't want to get it because sony is discontinuing it and u know I thought there was something with it. I don't know. u know that most people don't want stuff that's going out. but this is  a silver and metallic purple color. I was at work for an hour just sorting out papers of different colors there was buff, metallic orange, canary yellow and all these various colors which is strange because there are the brites and the normal colors which are paler. but I'm already done. so guess this is the end. 


Hmm. let's see. what to write about. since we're on the topic of psychology, I was in awe when I first walked into the auditorium the first day of class. there were more people in that room than in my entire graduting class last year. it was a pretty impressive sight, but also a bit omnious. so far I like my classes, but all of them are bigger than my highschool classes, but then again what am I supposed to expect with a school population of near 50,000 people as opposed to my 1700 high school population. man, I like this internet homework. this way you don't have to worry about keeping up with papers and the like. I used to loose most of my homework back in the day because I'm not that organized of a person. speaking of internet, you got to love this internet hookup in the dorm rooms. I like the fact that I can be in the internet and still have the phone line free. my parents used to hate when I'd tie up the phone line checking my e-mail. since all my friends went to different colleges, it's amazing how handy e-mail really is. I've already talked to a few of them using some aol instant messanger. it's kind of funny really, to see how many of your old high school friends keep in touch over the school year, or keep in touch at all for that matter. I've been in contact with some of my good friends, but also been surprised at not hearing from 1 or 2 close ones. I think I decided that I'm going back for our high school's homecoming on sept 17. supposedly a lot of my friends are going to, and I'd really like to see them. I'm also going back this next weekend (labor day weekend)  seems that I forgot to pack a lot of stuff, or didn't even thing of stuff, that I ended up needing in college. I guess in a way it's kind of hard to pack for moving away, because you don't know exactly what you'll need until you get there. it must seem to you by now that I'm relating a lot of stuff back to high school. well don't go over analyzing it or anything, it's just what I'm basing a lot of my college experiences on so far. it's funny, I never had to read or study back in high school. it just sort of came to me naturally through teacher lectures. but here I'm actually having to adjust and take notes, read the book, etc. having to pull a 180 is weird, but I think I'm doing a good job so far. man, I hope my laundry's not done yet. I still have a few more minutes go to writing, but I just hate it when people put their stuff in the dryer or washer and leave, only to come back an hour later when there's a huge line forming to use it. heh, I guess I should start practicing what I preech, but I figure I've got tons of time to start doing that. most likely I'll start when I get out of schoo, get married, and have kids so I don't set a bad example. yeah, I eventually want to have kids, and I stress eventually. I've got so many good one liners that I've inherited from my parent's, along with a few that I thought up all on my own, that I can't wait to try out on my youngins. hmm, I seem to have a bit of a problem. I forgot when I started typing my mindless babbling. I think I still have a few minutes left. this assignment reminds me of a book I had to read last year in english. well, I didn't have to because I didn't, but we were supposed to. it was. a portrait of an artist as a young man. I remember it because the author used a lot of stream of conciousness in the book, which made it harder to follow and understand, thus less appetising to me to read. I did however, download the cliffs notes off the internet and read those, so I guess I didn't totally slack off. I just. took a shortcut. ok, I think my sentence is served, so I'm going to go check on my laundry. 


What should I write. hmmm well I'm kinda feeling tired right now and hungry. Went bolwing till about 1 am last night and havent really had anything to eat yet. In about an hour me and a few people from the dorm are going out to a Vietnamesse restaurant to eat since all the cafeterias are closed for dinner on sunday. I hear people talking in the hallway about going to play paint ball on monday. I think I am going to go. I've never played paint ball but I've heard it's pretty cool. Hopefully it wont last that long because I was planning on doing some reading for my classes. something always comes up to keep you from studying. oh and I have calculus homework to do also. damn. my calculus teacher is French and has not mastered the English language but really who has in the mathematics department. Tuesday is a busy day so I don't think ill get much done then. all the clubs I signed up for meet on Tuesday. there are five days in the week and lets say take out friday to make four possible days to have a meeting and they all choose the same day. just my luck. Ill just have to choose which oraganization seems the best. hm well is my 20 minutes up. yup 


This assignment is kind of hard. I'm not used to just writing doen wat comes to me. I'm sitting here trying to write every thought in my head but my mind seems to go blank when  I don't want it to and runs a million miles a minute when I;m trying to pay attention in class. I should be in Clarksville with friends a beer and bbq. I need to go skate more. School is to time consuming. I don;t even Know if I really want to do it. The work is frustrating. I don;t mind going to class but I hate all the outside reading and homework. It's not even that I dislike reading I just want to read what I want to read not some course related book. The Story of B is one of the most intriguing books that I have ever read and I havent even gotten through 1/4 of it yet. Maybe I like it so much because of the character. He's not sure of many things and that's exactly how I feel. I want to be liked but at the same time I hate contact with most people. I think most people arent worth talking to. Theyre dumb, they have nothing to say. ITs pointless. People suck. Writng this out is strange, these are things I should keep to myself because I don't even know if I truly believe what I'm saying or if I;'m just getting angry again. I do get angry to much. maybe I should quit smoking. I know I should but its hard. I had no problem on the trip but that was because I couldnt get any I just can't do it around the ville, we smoke to much for sure, throwing money away but fuck money I sit here and stress on how much money I take out of my savings and then in the same instant say to myself I don't give a fuck about money fuck money I should have been born a long time ago when you provided for yourself and if you couldnt hunt of fish then you were in trouble fuck vegetarians self righteous think that because they don't eat meat they are somehow above me fuck that If we didnt eat meat id die I need to stop worrying about girls so much to I always say I don't give a fuck  whether I'm seeing anyone or not but I'm always thinking about girls typical I need to get out on my own and figure all these things out I should not worry so much but I do at least I have music and my boys and skateboarding who cares I don't go out as much I still love it just as much at least I think I still do but I can definitely see myself drifting away its probably because I smoke to much that shit kills you, your energy and your drive yet I love it so much and I can't quit obviously this is a big thing to me because I'm always stressing on it and fuck stress wwhereever it comes from I wish I could destroy stress does nothing except cause problems I try to be stress free but its impossible especially with school always looming over how much do I reaaly want to go to school I don't know I know I could go and make a living without school and maybe I shoul because I'm tired of getting all this "knowledge" that isn't applicable to anytihng outside of ut of course the shit is expanding my mind and view of the world right fuck that I live in texas and I don't really care about to many other places why should I  


I have a headache I took some excederine a few minutes ago I am tired. After four days off I was out of the habit of going to school. I feels good to be home. This assignment is odd. I am full. My head is hurting again with a dull pain this time. Tuesday night, nothing good comes on Tv  I have to watch satellite shows. Some people did this assignment in the first day of class. I guess it is hard to find anything to do when you move away from home  I am glad I decided to live at home, but I am afraid I am missing out on meeting new friends. Sometines I feel like an outsider on campus. But I wouldn't have made friends easily either. I would just sit around, study and be bored. I wish I was more outgoing. I want to speak to people and make new friends but it is one of the hardest things to do speaking to strangers. I want to but my own inhibition stops me. It is funny how you can want very badly to do something but someting inside you stops you from doing it  This is really helping my typing. Like in high school typing class  High school was generally a good time  I had trouble meeting people there also. I was time to graduate, more would have been ridiculus. I waited until people would make an effort to meet me rather than be proactive  I should approach people myself like I intended to do today but couldnt  UT is a big place  I have a lot of concerns  I like chemistry and welch hall but I am a business major  Business majors earn more money  I want to buy a house and a new car on my own break away rom my parents  but I am not ready to leave home. starting high school depressed me  I am afraid I will hate business  I think God's plan was for me to be a scientist but I am taking all the wrong courses  Common sense tellw me to major in business but my gut feeling is science  there are no easy answers  I can be a judge, which is cool  I don't think I think fast enough on my feet to be a lawyer  Drafting documents I can do  A masters in business would provide as many opportunities a law school But with law I get a license and a Doctors degree. Is prestige that important. Sometimes lawyers carry a stigma  I don't want to seem overeducated to work in business, but its now or never. It is too hard to decide what to do in life  I am afraid I am making all the wrong decisions. time is up I like this assigment 


I am a bit in wonderous as to what is supposed to be accomplished by this writing assignment and what it is supposed to prove. I hope this isn't some wierd psychoanalysis of who I am or something like that. Not that I am an X-files junkie and I think this is one big conspiracy or anything though. That is not one of the best shows about conspiracies anyway. I really enjoyed "Conspiracy Theory"  with mel Gibson and Julia Roberts though. Right now I am thinking that I could be doing other homework that is a little bit more consequential for my classes tomorrow and just start typing random letters with little regard to this assignment, but I am an honest and will continue to do this assignment as if someone were really going to read it. I am really excited about the Astros victory tonight over the Phillies, because it put us 3 games ahead of the reds who split their double header today. If the Astros end up in the playoffs I plan on making at least one trip to Houston to watch them play in the Astrodome. Especially since that will probably be the last time I will khave a chance to see a game played in the Astrodome. After this season they will be p;laying in their new stadium by the convention center. I think the convention center is a bit of a waste since Houston doesn't seem to land many consequential national level events there. But that's Houston for  you'. They never seem to get the kind of national coverage that New York or la gets. I guess that is because it is considerably smaller, but still. I think it has to do with Houston being a bit excluded from the rest of the country. And with the lack of national events and tourism people will continue to think Texas is all about cowboys and cattle wtith a few oil ranchers thrown in th e mix. 


I can't believe I'm doing this assignment should be asleep right now I wish that my roommate would quit playing his music. My other roommate is a dork he's always talking about god and crap and telling me that I shouldn't drink and this and that fuck him he's no better than me he's just as bad in other ways I really hate it when all his friends come over here it's like fucking chinatown that's what my whole dorm is like just a bunch of asians and arabs except for the 22nd floor all the people on that floor seem to be white and that's where all the hot girls are I need to get on that floor I should have just lived in towers that would have been better. speaking of hot girls I wonder what stephanie is doing right now. I really should call her and try and hook up with her I can't tell if she is putting me off or if shit really keeps coming up that she has to do instead of going out with me but oh well that girl susan is really nice and she seems genuinely interested but it's hard to tell but she does have really nice tits why did I just write that whoever is grading this is going to think that I am just a perverted moron but that's not true I don't know why people think that about me but it really pisses me off in fact nothing pisses me off more than when people think I am stupid, especially when I am smarter than that person that really sucks that vinny testaverde is out for the season the jets are going to suck this year and I can't believe that the cowboys won today that was just unbelievable. I wonder if my pledge brothers were watching the game I really hate my pledge brother Nayel that guy seems so shady if he's not acting like a greedy little son of a bitch he's acting like a fucking tool that should be Nayel's new nickname, tool. oh well its been 20 minutes and I am tired of doing this so no more words goodbye. 


Well here we are, at last writing the writing assignment. Been putting it off for too many days now, got to take that class on procrastination from the learning center, might be useful. Only five seconds up, got 19 minutes+ more to go. wonder if hell read all this stuff. Hope not, or I'm definitely getting into one of his crazy guy experiments. Wonder if they have experiments to test if a guy is crazy or not. Who knows? I might even get paid for being a lunatic. God! Got so much to do in so little time, haven't touched my books, and already I have a quiz tomorrow. Hope I do well in it. Ahhh. two minutes up. maybe this thing wont last as long as I thought after all. Got to call up my friend to see if she'll have dinner with me. I hate eating alone. though most of the time I do eat alone. on second thoughts, I sort of don't mind eating alone at all. Its just that halfway through the meal when I see all the people talking to their friends and all that I find myself with no one to talk to. Oh well, who cares anyways. once I get settled here I'll definitely have someone to eat with everyday. so I better enjoy the solitude while it lasts. Hmmm. what do I wear for today's meeting. Hope she's there, man!, I got to shave too. One more thing I keep putting off. Only six minutes up, shit!, I better type a lil slower. Wanted to complete at least part of my assignment today but looks like its not going to happen, though I can still try to do it. have to come back from the meeting and do it. I miss my friends, used to have so much fun together. Three times a week to the computer course, that was fun. Miss those days, and miss those times. wonder if ill ever be able to be so happy again. Well, being sad about it doesn't help anyone, so forget it. Don't know where I got this sudden optimism from, but its doing wonders to my life. Not to mention making me more popular, and that had definitely helped my lonely little self to be more sociable. But more is still needed. Why I like to be alone I have no idea, but it just happens, and I don't mind it. My friends sense my depression my loneliness, but they don't know how to cure it, which as a matter of fact, neither do I. Yeah baby! We should definitely have more assignments like this. helps the workload by a lot, though if my finger keeps hurting like this I'm a goner. damn! That hurts! Maybe if I type a little slower. or not type at all. ouch! Got to give It some rest, but I cannot, because I have to do this assignment. If any person ever reads this thingy I apologize for my abbreviations, but I'm a regular chatter so I have to keep the words down. otherwise my finger gets the way it is rite now. Only a few more minutes left now and I'm free. Wonder how they grade people on this? Who gets an A and who doesn't?? Should I curse more to make it look real or should I just write what comes into my head. Well, what comes into my head would be better since this thingy is about. Who cares anyways, he wanted me to write what comes into my head, I did, so there. 


Hmmmm. What am I going to write for my stream of consciousness. I don't even know if I spelled that word right. Oh, well. I guess I just write whatever comes into my head. By the way, I have to fill out my daily schedule for my EDP 310 class. Don't forget about that. It's kind of hard to type whatever comes into my head because my hands aren't as fast as my thoughts. (That's obviously a good thing). What's on my mind. This is a lot harder than I thought. Sometimes there is absolutely nothing in my head and I just draw a blank. Nothing to write about. I wish that I can draw pictures on this thing but I can't. I tend to be a more visual person and I get a lot more pictures in my head than words. I think I'm going a bit over twenty minutes, although it doesn't seem like it. I just sit here at my computer and think sometimes because I want something to pop in my head so I can write it down, but nothing happens. It seems like when you want your mind to wander, it has a harder time doing it, but if you're trying to concentrate on something, like when you're taking a test, your mind can't stop wandering. I guess that's the amazing thing about the brain. so unpredictable. At least to the untrained individual who doesn't know what to look for it seems unpredictable. Maybe not so much for an expert. Its funny how the mind works. Anyway, I don't want to get all philosophical or psychological or anything so I think that my time is up. Until next time. Ooohhh my arm itches  


The first sensation I feel while beginning writing is the hard carpet of the dorms at dobie on my elbows because I'm lying on the ground with my laptop, but then again, at least the floors aren't wooden like the floors at the other dorms, so I really shouldn't be complaining. Also, my eyes are burning because I'm tired and want to go to sleep, I sleep a lot less in college because during the day there's constant noise and people and it's so much more fun to walk out in the hallway or go to the lobby and talk to people and see what's going on than to sit in my room and study, and since I don't study and do homework during the day I do it late at night when there are no distractions. If I stayed at Jester, I'd go to the library to get work done but I'm too lazy to walk from dobie to jester. This assignment is pretty easy and a whole lot better than sitting and doing my calculus homework which I have yet to do but I just looked at the clock on my laptop and it's only been 2 minutes since I've started and 30 seconds was when I got up to get a pillow to put under my elbows. My eyes are tearing now I don't know if tearing is a word, but they're getting watery from staring at this computer screen too long. I'm supposed to continue writing for 20 minutes straight and say what's on my mind and what I feel?? What if all I can think about is how I wish I was in bed, I think it's the music I'm listening to that's putting me to sleep. It's trance music, because that's what I have downloaded on my computer from Napster, I hope they don't shut down napster. The courts are right about how the people who actually made the music (my roommate just called, I got all excited that my phone rang this late at night, I'm not a nerd, it's just that, I think it's this guy I know in okok back to napster) the people who make the music don't get their share and I understand and Napster really should be shut down but I don't want it to because it's so nice to just type in the name of a song and there you have it, especially when they're old songs you haven't heard for a while. I love music, all kinds of music, it's the coolest feeling when a song brings back memories, or reminds you of people and events. It's 12:30 and I have to stop at 12:42, I hope I'm doing this assignment right because it's too fun,, it's kind of like a diary, maybe this could be our final??? Does the professor even read these essays that people write because I can't imagine reading 500 something essays about absolutely nothing even though those are the best kind, kind of like seinfeld a show about nothing that everybody loves. The music I'm listening to makes me think of illegal drugs, this is the kind of stuff people listen to when they're on ecstasy, it enhances the experience, I wonder why people need other things to have fun I understand it, but the world would be a better place if all the drugs were wiped off the face of the earth, but if that was going to happen, you might as well get rid of alcohol too, and nicotine and sugar and caffeine or anything that alters the mind, which is just ridiculous. Everything's here for a reason, I don't understand how people first invented and figured out stuff about drugs, I understand it when they grow out of the ground but stuff like pills, how were they invented did someone just put a lot of stuff together and try it and they found a combination that worked??? I'm scared for my younger sister, she's in the 5th grade, and there's so much going on now, with drugs and all, it's everywhere you go, and when she's my age, it will probably be so much worse, and so readily available, and curiosity is such a crazy thing, and no matter your willpower no matter what people always told you, you still want to try, and all the things we learn in elementary school about what to do and what not to do I think they bring in the whole forbidden fruit issue. I remember in 8th grade thinking "How can something be so powerful that it can make you do things you never would, and make you steal from friends, and make you feel so good that you would do anything to get it. I would try it, just once. " I can just imagine my little sister thinking like that. And you can't even shelter anyone anymore, because it's everywhere. You can't take her out of one school and put her in another, because it'll still be there, rich school or poor, minority or strictly white. It scares me to think about our generation in 50 years, because I can just see the damaged brains and the lung cancer and cirrhosis of the liver. Yuck I'm not even tired anymore because thinking about stuff like this gets me excited and ready to argue with someone. My twenty minutes are almost up and I could talk forever about what's on my mind, I always think about a lot of things which isn't really good because I can never fall asleep Ok that's 20, time for calculus  


Its hard to think about what to write of when you are told to, although maybe its hard because things have become more difficult as of late. It must be the typical freshman story but even though we all try to be so different when we come here we all end up in the same boat. It so much like high school its hard to believe, we'll the social part of it is anyway. Sometimes I wonder what I would do if there weren't music in the world. At times it seems to be the only thing that keeps people together, although you never hear many people talk about it in that light. What is even more interesting is how depressing and sentimental most of these essays will be. I wonder how many people will write about how depressed they are and how no one really knows the real them and how hard it is to wake up in the morning. Its hard to differentiate between what is real and what is a line out of a movie that someone is saying these days. So maybe that's why everyone tries to be different. I really don't know. But as everyday passes it seems like people lose a sense of the beauty in the world. There isn't anything much more beautiful to me than the sunset or just sitting outside. I find shadows especially beautiful, I'm sure that it holds some underlying meaning to it that I find shadows pretty. Something about how since I like them that I feel that I'm in the shadows of life, but maybe I am. I just feel more alive sometimes when I sit outside in absolute stillness and let everything live around me. I feel as if I'm living with it. Strange I know, but true. I have always felt that if I were to die I would like to die lying in a field in the afternoon listening to music. I have a picture by Monet that reminds me of a field that was behind my house when I was younger. It seems that those times were so much better than times are now. I wonder if I'll ever be as happy as I was back then again someday. And I'm not alone in that thought. Responsibilities just keep piling up day by day and I just wish that there were a break. It would be nice to be a rock star someday, I feel that if I were up there on stage that I would be so much happier. But I know that I probably would feel the same as I do now. I need to do something that will get me recognized someday, I feel as if I'm destined for fame somehow. But as it is now I feel like I'll end up in a dead end life like most others. I know that most say that there are many other things that make life worth living even though they have a job that they hate. But I would rather be a bum then have a job that I hated. I would feel like I sold myself out in someway. Transcendence is something that has always interested me. Mostly the idea that I could transcend life and become something greater than it. The way the words come off ones tongue when they say that makes me feel warm. I envy authors that have a mastery of language. It would be awesome to write something that when people read it they would be overcome with emotions. Hopefully I'll make enough money in my life that I can stop working and spend all my time making music. I just wish I had the balls to become a musician and do what I want, but if I do I feel like I'll be a failure to all those that I've told that I'm going to be a doctor and what not. Its a nice business its just that there isn't much recognition in it unless you put your whole life in it. And I don't think that I could put my whole life into it since I don't think I would enjoy it. 


People laugh at the same things over and over. There doesn't seem to be any diminishing of reward. No matter how long a joke has been around, no matter how old the recipient is; the same things seem to make people laugh. Why is that? Maybe it's because we like hearing the same stories over and over, associating them with our memories. Like "Star Wars". Nobody today looks at Star wars and says, "man, check out those models! No strings? How did they do that?" or, "Man, that Hark Hamill is a great actor!" But most of us can remember a time when we would have said that, so we just watch it over and over and over again. Nobody would do that with "Schindler's List". And the fact that Schindler is now IN Star Wars just mucks it all up. That's why everyone thinks Episode One sucks they're beyond the point where they want to see any more of that. The fact is that they're all fairly crappy, especially Return of the Jedi. Good god, was that awful! But people go back and say it was the best, because it reminds them of all the other crappy entertainment they were exposed to when they were kids. Come on, "Care Bears" was the most blatantly stupid piece of crap ever to grace the airwaves. Why did we ever like that in the first place? Well, it was the 80's nothing else was on. How did the end of the 80's manage to shift the entire culture of the world from pretense of high fashion to pretense of intelligence? Suddenly, everyone wanted to be knowledgeable about politics and science, or at least enough to talk about them, which was not at all. You barely need to know what the terms mean to debate something. I've seen "very intelligent" high school kids debate for hours on end without even knowing one of the issues. They bring in stuff that makes no sense to the argument, like the bible. What the heck does Isaih have to do with campaign finance reform? All the people in the bible lived under a sovereign government they didn't even have elections! There weren't even ideas at the time to compare to these, because the closest thing to democracy at the time was the Roman government, and we all know that the idea of reform was ludicrous to everyone but the people who got ripped off by the government. Since most of them got ripped off by being murdered, it's not like they can very well put forth a campaign. The Romans had a much cleaner system of getting rid of people they didn't like the only liability was that you had a fairly good chance of being knocked off by someone long before you reached the ripe old age of 35. Might as well have been anarchy, but then again, you need some semblance of order to keep people from panicking and having the whole thing fall apart. Of course, we know how well that strategy worked, considering the glory of the current Roman Empire. 


     I am feeling sad but feeling so much better. Yesterday was hopeless, today there is hope. I am realizing that I am so much more complete without my boyfriend than I was with him. Next time I will not let someone control my thoughts and actions so completely. Next time I will not let myself make excuses for someone. I have learned a lot. I feel like I want to kiss him so bad, to feel his lips on mine, to feel his skin on mine. I want him to hold me all night and tell me everything is all right. But in my heart I know it is. It is so hard to be his friend but I want to so much. He says he doesn't want to lose me. It is funny, we see each other more often now that we are just friends. And no that is not friends with benefits. There is no way I would let him take advantage of me like that. . but it would be so much fun. Then it would hurt so much. It's really not hard to be with him, I love being with him. The hard part is leaving him. Every time I do I feel like I may never see him again. He hugs me and says it will be ok, babe, I promise. I know he is right, it will. I just wish it was going to be like I thought it was going to be. I had such big plans for this fall. After waiting on him all summer, who could blame me?  He seemed so perfect for me last May. What happened?  I need to stop asking myself these questions and move on with my life, I know that. But being his friend and seeing him all the time is going to make that more difficult. I am just trying to be as sweet as possible and show that there are no hard feelings. I really am not mad at him; I just wish I could change the way he felt. Alright, that is not really true. The truth is, I wish he was a different person. I wish he was the person I imagined he was and truly believed he was all summer. Instead, I fell in love with a commitment-phobic guy who drinks to much and actually owns a rifle. I can't believe I could be so stupid. He looks so sweet and innocent. I am moving on though. Or I will be shortly. I just need to dwell for a little longer. Like I said, there is hope today. I know I am beautiful and intelligent and witty and sweet, I don't need him to tell me that. I just wish I had someone who would. I am trying so hard to be independent but I have never really had a significant other I could depend on so I guess it's not that hard. I guess I am just in love with the idea of being in love. I want to be swept off my feet. I just hope I'm not infected with that crazy disease where I can only love people who don't love me back because I want to make people love me. I really hope I don't push people away. I try so hard to be a good girlfriend but when someone doesn't call you when he says he's going to and leaves you hanging a million times, what are you supposed to do besides get upset and threaten to break up with them?  I definitely put up with his shit for way too long. I know he will be a better friend than a boyfriend. It will just be so hard if I have to see him or hear about him with someone else. Especially if that someone else happens to be his ex-girlfriend. She tried to get back together with him this summer when I was 3 hours away. What a bitch, I can't believe she would do that. I hope he isn't still in love with her. Oh well, there is nothing I could do about that anyway. Didn't I say there was hope today?  Well, there is:  for the first time in days, I actually felt hungry. It felt so good to eat and not feel like I was going to throw up. It also felt good to not burst into tears every five minutes. Yeah, there were a few times when I would have liked to, but I think I did alright today. After all it has been only a little over 24 hours since he made his decision. I am doing very well, I think. I think it is helping that he wants to be my friend. When I told him I didn't know because it would be hard, he begged me, saying,   Please try, I don't want to lose you.   I am glad he did that because I don't want to lose him either. Even if he is all wrong for me, at least he can be there as a friend for me. He says he might want a relationship with me eventually but I don't want to wait for him. I can't. It would end up making me more miserable than ever. I think I am better off just going on with my life and talking to him only as a friend. I think the more I see him the more I will realize how wrong he is for me. I need someone who will put me before his buddies and who will love me with everything he has. I need someone who is ready to make a committment to me. I need someone who will send me flowers just because he is thinking about me. I need a fairytale romance, I need to be swept off my feet, I need love, real love, crazy love. Like all the songs, all the cliches, that is what I want more than anything. And I don't even know if I believe it exists. I want to, but c'mon folks, let's be realistic. Somehow my parents still manage to love each other but there is not really much passion there, at least that I am aware of. Maybe there is, but I doubt it. If true love is more than just a friendship, that means it involves chemistry and passion, but that stuff fades, it always fades. So what is to separate a strong, passionate friendship with true love?  Fucked if I know. All I know is, things are really looking up for me now. I'm going to be just fine. :) 


I've never really thought about what I'm thinking before, there seems to be someone in the net room making alot of racket. That's OK though because this is a dorm. They are talking now, wait I can't here them anymore, wait they just started talking again. I wonder what they are talkig about, probably something unimportant. I really need to find out where the Fine Arts library is so I can do this gay reading list. I don't even have a clear understanding of what I'm supposed to do. I assume I just have to look at some art and write down my feelings about it or something. It is really annoying becuase the class is already 4 hours long. There should not be any outside work, but I guess it's not too hard, and if there are not any set boundaries there isn't any set grading material, this means that it is basically completion, much like this assignment. I really want to go to the Texas Ski Ranch tommorrow but I can't find anyone to go and it is like an hour away and it will probably take longer because of traffic because the only time I could leave would be around 5:30. I hope they have put up some pimp sliders and kickers out there. If anyone reads this and you wakeboard/wakeskate and you want to go ride behind a pimp ass Supra Launch SSV and your willing to pay gas money contact me. Because I'm always looking for other riders and other people to pay gas money except myself. My roomate is sleeping right now. I can't decide if I like him or not. I don't dislike him, but I can't imagine myself being a really good friend of his. It seem our only link is that we are roomates. He seem like a little bit of a Jesus freak and a dork. That would suck if he was reading this right now, it's Ok, he's not. But you know how some people you just feel that you have a connection with them, that you can talk to them. You know that when your aroud them you feel comfortable. You can never tell that when you just look at a person. It seems to be the strangest people that are these people that you seem to share a special bond with, that you feel completly comfortable with. You feel you can be yourself, act stupid, laugh, you become a different person when you are around those people. I only noticed that fact this year. This year has been a real year of self examination and growth for me. I don't think I have grown as much as a thinking human being in this year then any other. I don't know what spurred it, but I think I know. I know I know. It was a girl I just got to know this year, but when I realized how important she was to me and how much I liked her she was taken. In my self pity I couldn't find the strength to tell her how I felt. I think I was scared of losing the friendship we already had. I didn't want our relationship to be strained by the possibility of me having feelings for her but the feelings not being mutual. I should have just told her and gotten it out in the open. She changed my life. I got the idea in my mind that to be with her I would need to be in the same physical shape as her to have any chance of a relatinship. She was the first motivation ever that pushed me to fulfill a long time goal of losing wieght and getting in shape. I still think about her and I know in my heart I will pursue her the next oppurtunity. The weight loss brings to mind another point that I have noticed about people. For as much talk that there is about inner beauty and all that shit, It's bullshit general (bulshi         


     This is the first writting assingment. I don't realy know what I am soposed to write about. I am also afraid that I will mispell a lot of words. I was talking with a friend on the way to class today. And we started to talk about this assingment. It made me kind of nervouse. But I guess he survived so I will too. I can't belive that only two minutes have passed. I guess that is why it takes so long to write all my papers. And why they are so short. Some times I write a stream of consciousness down on paper. I think it is a good way to get my mind clear. If you write it all on paper you can forget it all for a while. Then after you have rested with it all off your shoulders you can read thoguh it and see if any of it was something important that you need to look into or if not ohh well at least you no longer are thinking about it. I feel like   i should be talking about something more important. But I don't have anything important to talk about. My friend, The guy I mentioned earler, He said that he made sure that he was in a bad/wierd mood befoer he started writing so that way he would have a lot to write about. I think that was probably a good idea. I kind of wish I did that. I feel like I am running out of things to say. So I guess that I will talk about what I see hear smell. Well I am in my room. I see the wall in fromt of me. I hear the computer game my room-mate is playing. He always plays a computer game. Always. but he is a real good guy. The computer game he is playing is some shoot um'up game. You run around with a gun ald kill people, Sleep with one eye open you say right? No its cool. Well I hear all the guns and what not and in the back ground, I guess because he can multi-task I hear music. he plays music movies and this game all at the same time. 10 Min!!! I don't like the song that just came on. What I see I see pictures on my wall. One is with my friend Laurie, We were at Camp in North carolina. We were in her cabin before the campers came. She had these two toy firefighters helmets in her cabin, that light up and have a siren when you push the button. So we were running around camp with them on our heads. It was kind of fun. I have know Laurie for a long time. We grew up togther. We went to camp togther and youth group conventions. She is realy up beat and friendly. Camp is a great place. I went there when I was a kid, And now I have been staff the past three summers. It is real wierd to see these kids come back evry summer and be a year older. They are so different. They were adorable or obnoxiouse. and now they change or are still the exact same way. You remember when the dident have braces. And now they are getting them off. I remember  when I had breaces. I hated them. But I only had them for one year. I had friends who had them for a long time. Four more mineuts. I realy can't spell and I wish I could. I am at a loss again. My desk is made out of wood. But it is not real wood. It is composit. It is a good desk it does waht it need to. My phone just rang. My room-mate just picked it up becaise I am on the computer with you. It is my friend Lyndia she  was calling me back. I called her before I started writing. We were soposed to go to the gym. But I think she is there now. Ohh well. So maby abeer jon and I will got down to th  


     I was a little nervous about writing for this assignment because I've never really done anything like this. So i decided to put it off until the last minute. It is now twelve twenty-three on the night before its due. Im really beginning to get nervous about the whole college experience. So far I havent really met any new people that I would actually fraternize with on a regular basis. I think the main reason for this is that so many of my friends from high school are attending UT. It is a lot easier to just hang out with them all the time than to bother with the trouble of making new friends. Although I know in the long run this will not accomplish one of my goals in coming to college, which is to make new diverse and long lasting friendships. I don't know I guess will just have to see how things turn out. One thing that I am really happy about is the fact that my girlfriend also goes to college here. In fact she is a mere stones throw away in LLD. She means alot to me and during this time of insecurity it makes things a little easier. I mentioned LLD well that is a girls dorm, near LLB which is my dorm Whitis court that I now call home. Whitis is a nice little community although I don't much enjoy some of the company here. The rooms are nice and very spacious unlike in Jester. However its still kind of hard to think of this room as my own. It seems like a room in a hospital or some mental institution, with its industrial white painted walls and linoleum floor. I guess its just one more thing Ill have to get used to. Not only is the new college experience making me uncomfortable right now. I am also planning on joining the Marine Corps and going to the PLC course this summer. It is a big step  in my life and im a little unsure about it right now. My father was a marine and his father was in the army and I feel somewhat obligated to serve my country. One thing that I would like to accomplish in my life is making my father proud and i think that is perhaps one thing that could. Me and my father didnt have the greatest relationship this past summer before i went off to college. It seemed like he was pushing me away and out of the family. I know he loves me but i guess thats just the fathers way of letting go. Hopefully this time apart will do our relationship well. He came into town for a job interview the other day but i didnt get to see him, it was a little upsetting. I really do love and care for my family but I believe they think much to the contrary. I guess I don't show it very well, or give them much common courtesy. This short time away from home has made me realize how much they do for me and how much I miss them. 


     I wonder what this stuff is suposed to mean. What can i possibly learn about my self by writing incohearant thoughts for twenty minutes. I'm not a very good typist for one. None too good at spelling either. I hope who ever or what ever machine looks at this can read past any spelling and punctuation mistakes. This computer screne is far too birght. i wish i had thought to fix that before i started this. I wish i could read some other students writtings. Maybe i'd find some insight to how i'm doing in this rat race. Maybe i'd figure out what the girls around here are looking for. how vacant can my mind be? how many mental diseased is this going to uncover in me? i hope there are drugs to fix it. I wish i were at the lake right now. no books, no tv, no phone, just a hamock and a cold drink. Maybe a seadoo. A little bit of water sports never hurt anyone. Accept the ones that crash. God i hope  never see anything like that again. Why did that have to happen, all those kids had to do was go a little bit slower. All they had to do was look around for boats. They could have avoided it and now they are dead just beacause they couldn't understand that a jet ski isn't a toy. A goddamn toy! how could anyone   play   with their life like that. I hope i go in my sleep. i can feel the propeller slicing through my leg right now. those poor bastards. i guess id rather be one of those kids than the poor bastard that hit them though. i could never live with that kind of baggage. they didn't even know where their parents were. for the love of God, what could they possibly have thought when they got that phone call.   MRs smith, your daughters are dead. There was nothing we could do, i guess these things just happen.   and how could the parents not blame the draver of that boat?? how coul anyone ever admit that their childs death was their childs own fault? that all seem a bit bleek. Maybe i am ill. maybe i should get a bike. I could get around alot faster. Maybe i should just leave early, then maybe i could loose some weight. mayeb i've got it all wrong though. maybe they don't even care about that. I should loose some weight anyway. its unhealthy. Who ever reads this thinks i'm a nutcase.  Hello out there. welcome to the inner sanctom of my mind. its cold in here, but you'll get used to it. watch your step, there are some loose screws here and there. don't poke at that, i'm affraid it might fall apart. don't trip on that, its allready fallen apart. i know its messy in here but i'll get it all organized sooner or later.   i need to hire an inner sanctum of the mind cleaning lady. I hear they are very affordable. I guess cheap labor is just a byproduct of his whole immigration mess. maybe that mess has to do with our economic mess, or our terrorism mess. or our youth mess. or our drug mess. who in hell is going to clean up any of these messes? can you do one at a time? or are they all linked together? certainly some are. i'll just let trusty george W. handle it. err, imean cheany  


    Wow I have no idea what I am supposed to be doing for this assignment. I knew about a book that I was supposed to read in English class last year that was supposedly written in stream of consciousness but since i never read it I have no idea what it was about. Instead I read Crime and punishment. that was probably the most depressing book i have ever read. right now I'm reading a tom clancy novel, which is much more exciting. I can't wait to go back to dallas this weekend to see my family and girlfriend. they are all so excited. plus i get to see my grandma and actually get some real food. Man the food here sucks. sure there's variety, but half the time they don't even have something green out there. I mean how the hell are we not supposed to get that freshmen 15 if they aren't even giving us some friggin green beans. My allergies are killing me. i think i almost died last nite i was coughing so much, and i'm sure i kept my roommate up. but i don't really care. he shafted me. he was going to give me a ride to dallas this weekend but instead, he made his girlfriend come down so now he won't take me. He could have just seen her down there, but he didn't want to have to be around adult supervision for that long. oh well, i'll get him back. hehehe. yeah so my arms are definitely starting to get tired. i definitely haven't done this much typing since fourth grade with mr. colonna. that was the year that I was introduced, and subsequently failed fractions. damn i hate fractions. with mrs. hatch. evil lady. there is so much reading that i have to do for my classes but so far i am really liking them. i took five pages of notes today in my architecture class, but at the end i was ready to take more. we were talking about hitler and the nazi's, but mainly about the architect that hitler hired to build his sets for his speeches, and the headquarters of the nazi party. I'm now listening to pink floyd and i feel as though i'm on a space ship. this is some crazy stuff. i use this cd to put me to sleep every nite. and usually by the second song i'm asleep. it is so cold in this room i'm having to crap, somebody's knocking on the door. ok i'm back;. now where was i. ah yes my toes probably have frost bite now i could get up and turn up the thermostat but then i start sweating profusely and that's definitely no good. it's been very hard for me to meet people in my dorm so far. i'm in the new dorm, san jacinto, and it's like a hotel.  since everyone has their own bathrooms no one really has a chance to mingle, because they're always going somewhere. everyone seems like they're on a mission and they'll kill you if you get in their way. i'm not exactly the most outgoing guy in the world, so let me tell you it's more than intimidating. i had such a close, great group of friends in high school that i could tell anything to. and they felt the exact same way. now, i have no one to talk to except a few of my friends that came here. The problem with that is, i just know too many people here, so there's always someone to hang out with, we just don't get new people to hang out with. and it's also kind of pointless if you sit down and think about it. because the odds are, if you see someone somewhere and introduce yourself to them, you very well may never even see them again. I mean, how much does that suck. ooh this is my favorite part of the song. shine on you crazy diamonds. wow, that just made me think of band banquet from last year and i have absolutely no idea why. unless it's because my date was wearing a gold sequine dress and was definitely shining. yeah, that's prolly it. oh lord my hands are tired. i'm so out of shape. i've definitely lost like 20 pounds of muscle over the summer. and now, everyone here is huge. i was big back in high school, but comparatively, i'm a stinkin shrimp. and i really don't have any particular skill at any sport. i played soccer in high school, but i played goalie and i hate it now. i'm average at any sport but i don't really excel at anything in particular so i'm at a decided disadvantage. 


Ok. I don't like to write, but I guess this isn't really writing. there is a hair stuck between the keys. Ans I can't get it out. it is bothering me. Why are my dogs barking?  Maybe my sister is home from school. I don't know what to write. My nose itches. I am hungary. I want to go to chilli's, but I don't kow if I can. I am so bad at typing. Man, I wish that I had my computer. I can't beleive that no one was here when it came. I better get it by this weekend. ok, i guess my sister isn't here. Then why were my dogs barking?  When is she going to be home?  She should be here by now?  What time is it?  Ya, she should be here. Josh's sister is home allready. Is thst how you spell allready?, or do you spell it   already   with one l?  ah, it hasn't even been 10 minutes left. I think that I burnt my tongue on that kolache. It wa sgood though. I want that other piece of it. I miss my little kids from la petite. I wander if I should get a job there on just fridays. But, I don't know if I will have time to work and get all of my studying done. Probibly not, because I am already a little behind on my reading. I hate Chemistry. I really dread going to that class. I don't understan it at all. It's like the profesor just skips over the basics. How am I suposed to remember all that crap from sophmore year in high school. I should have goe to that help session thing. well, it would have helped if I knew where it was. I wander what Josh is doing. Hopefully he is done with his interview and is on his way here. well, I know he isn't because he would have called me. Did he take Tish out to Taylor with him?  bla bla bla. Where is Kristen?  I am getting worried, I should call mom. Maybe she stayed for tutorials or she missed the bus. I hope she is ok. I need to call my mom. I really want shrimp pasta stuff. That would be really good. I need to read. I have so much reading to do for biology. I don't want to take Amber to her school. What a pain in the but, I am never going to be able to finish reading tonight. I don't have time. 


     my roommate is gone once again. to class i believe. he's a strange sucker it   really befuddles me how he denies having whey protein and instantly changes the   subject. i wish my hands weren't so swollen it might make this easier. speaking   of psycology the professors lecture today was interesting to say the least,   especially finding out that scientists sit around shocking rats to make the ejaculate   and pass out, very strange. also strange is how someone whom i thought was   one of my most hated enemies or deemed me as such is sitting next to me in that   class . and how the girl that sat next to me comes off as much more a    city   person   than she really is.      my floor is really strange, they all just sneak around, the first week i only saw one   other person that lived up here other than my roommate who is strange himself as   previously noted, i feel compelled to change my major to pys so i can deconstruct   him and make him paranoid of the world, mostly cause of the whey protein   incident. grrr and he plays video games non fucking stop it's driving me insane,   and he's s junior. i t hought he was s freshman the way his mother was helping   move him in and such, my folks didn't even help me pack back at home, they said     see ya next weekend     we're coming down for the game'    i do'nt want to do my economics homework, so i'm doing this instead as a more   viable excuse than just sitting in front of the computer chatting and checking the   weather. leastwise i'm getting something done cause i won't be here thursday or   friday on account of me going to  a horse show in springfield ill. where i'll be   competing for 2 national championships and as i think in contention for both, so it   could potentially be a very good weekend. i'm also excited about seeing some   girl friends i haven't seen in a yr and i'm hoping they are equally excited, but we'll   see. and i hope our trainer doesn't mess the horse up before i show considering   i'll have zero practice because i show right after i fly in    speaking of flying i hope that planes will be in the air and a similar thing to last   year won't happen. we had to drive 16 hours as opposed to flying since all flights   were cancelled for an indetermined amount of time. and the show's bad timing of   starting on the 12th. and of course it's the same this yr too    i hate it when my brother's girlfriend tries to talk to me and i hate it when people   ask what i'm doing, if i'm on the computer i'm on the computer i'm not doing   anything elsewise i'd be out doing it. man coke is good, the beverage of course.   so much better than pepsi and r. c. and that ripp of stuff you get at supermarkets   that have stupid names. i hate pigeons  they really bother me   the seem so unclean  especially when you are swimmin in the pool and they are drinking and bathing in   the other side  i hate that  and those grackels they just look dirty and so annoying  but the squirrels are cool i've been tempted many a time to just grab one  but i think that wouldn't be wise especially since i don't plan on visiting the health   center any time soon, so i refrain, but it would be cool  especially to see all the out-there animal rights and weirdos faces, those people   drive me insane and all the christian rhetoric don't they have something better to   do than harrass me when i'm walking early in the morning or if i'm carrying   something the bastards set it on top, ggrrrrrr, very aggrivating, and the newspaper   what up with that if we want one we'll grab it ourselves, they'd probably get rid of   more that way because the second you call out to someone they instantly take a   defensive posture even if it is free. it's this damn culture of telemarketers and   wackos, you're constantly berrated to buy something or not buy something on   grounds that somebody else or something else will benefit, without regard to the   purchaser, but one day i hope to exploit that just like the other guy because with   the right mind set and marketing ploy people will buy anything you tell them to and   that my friend has been proved over and over again. . 


     coming to ut has been a pretty crazy experience. my first week here i already felt like i was at home. it wasnt that way at the college i attended previously. that place took my two years to get comfortable. i think it has something to do with the fact that i have grown friendlier to most people. the one exception is my roommate drew. i don't know why we arent best friends, but i think it has a lot to do wiht the fact that we come from two entirely distinct backgrounds. he was the son of a cop, whos prents got divorced, and i was the son of a librarian, who parents always talked about getting divorced. also, here women seem to enjoy my preasance more, i think that has a lot to do with my radical overhaul of my diet and exercise routine. one girl in particular is named vanessa. she is an entirely charming girl, with a body to die for, but i don't know.  how do we trully know we found the right one, is it that divine spark that fills our soul thew first time we lay eyes on a person or is it a familiarity that stems from shared time with someone that eventually turns to amore?  unfortunantly i was cursed with finding love at frist sight with my fist girl friend. but being as young as we were, i cnat help but think what would hve happened if we would have met later. on this subject i have often wondered about my parents, i have a vague notion that theirs was a marraige of convience. i overheard one day that the last time they had sex was the night i was concieved?!?!!??! i don't now what that means, just came up. this i think is the point of life. the wondering, lust filled age we are in now, followed by silent impotent contemplation. no wonder why all people in power are old and white. they don't have the drive in their hearts to find romantic ideals the way youth does. in a sense i think i am an idealist. i like to see the glass as half full, but usually only with people i care about. this deals alot with social conciense. what a terrible thing to have. all of us who are educated are confronted evertday with the absurdities of our goals. i want to have a nice house and car for my family and i want to help the world. but would i accept lesser for those i love to compensate those i do not know?!?!?!  off course not, yet high minded individuals lambast me when they are doing the exact smae thing. so in the end what does one do, pursue their own intersts or bang ones head against the system. i think it has to be a mixure of the two. because the more one knows, the more one knows that nothing in this world is blakc and white. tragis heroes are made from this assumption. we see how they are commended for making the right choice and getting awarded for it. but seldom do we see all the others who struggle to make the moraly right choice and are punished incesantly. growing up poor i saw this all around me,  many of the poeple i know cannot afford to make the right descision. i myself have chosen to get a college eduction rather than have medical insurance. really in the last 10 years i have done a lot rather than have medical insurance, namely eating, having clothes, and living life. all this ties into the idea that there are not racial barriers anymore, but class barriers that are divided by check books. thats not to sya that the overwhelming majority of poor are not minority, but only looking at color doesnt diagnose the true problem,  money. 


     I am really tired. I got up this morning at 7:45 to go get tickets for the seniors in my fraternity, and I don't even know if I'll get to go. They're for the Texas vs. OU game in October. I was up last night until 3:30 and I had to wake up at 7:45 this morning to go wait in line at the stadium. I have the song   Nashville Blues   by Cory Morrow in my head because last night, after walking Rachel back to her room, I came in to find three half-naked, drunken frat boys had wandered into my room and awoken my roommate. They were making him play   Nashville Blues   while they sung and taped the entire episode. They claimed to be filming   Towers Gone Wild,   which was a take-off of   Girls Gone Wild,   only filmed at Towers. I have recently been seeing a cute girl, but I am sort-of afraid of commitment. Twenty minutes seems to me like a long time to type. I've barely made it through six minutes, and I am pretty much ready to go to bed and stop doing this. This girl is really cute and sweet, but I just got over a really hard break-up, and I am kind-of anxious about getting into a new relationship where the same thing could happen. I think that it is funny that, although I'm supposed to be writing in stream-of-consciousness, my spelling and grammar are almost impeccable. I wonder if the person who reads this will agree. I probab;y made a typo on some really easy word, and therefore the grader will assume that I am a pompous idiot that is too conceited to see my own faults. Or maybe that's me talking. Maybe I'm   grading   myself when I say something like that. Nine minutes and forty three seconds. It's funny that by the time I had written   nine minutes and forty three seconds,   that time had passed. I am now very ready to stop this assignment. Twenty minutes is not an absurd amount of time for the professor to ask for, but it does seem like a long time to write without stopping. I wonder what Tank is doing. I wonder if Laurie is going to come over to   see   him. I don't like Laurie very much. I think she's very annoying. She whines far too much. Now I'm whining about her. I hope I'm not keeping my roommate up with my typing. This keyboard is pretty loud. I still have to write for another seven minutes. My neck itches. There, that's better. My composition has gotten much less formal and much more personal since I mentioned the perfection of my spelling and grammar. Tank just walked in and totally interruptd my train of thought. He doesn't really respect people's space too much. But he's an overall pretty good guy. If I go to sleep in fifteen minutes, I can take a three and a half hour nap before I have to be at the house to build. I am not going to Philosophy. I am too tired. I don't really think I'll be missing too much, because if I did go, I would fall asleep in there as well. My bed is much more comfortable than those tables in the Law Building. That is a really long walk. I takes thirty minutes. My back hurts. I need a shower. I need a cup of iced tea. I actually don't NEED either of those. I just WANT a shower and a cup of iced tea. And a nap. I'm a pretty funny guy, if I put my mind to it. Right now, I'm not putting my mind to anything but sleep. English was boring today. just like every other day. I think I probably failed that reading quiz. I probably got a fifty. I read about fifty percent of the selection. My professor must be pretty good at making quizzes if they're that accurate. I never had that happen in high school. I'm just going to stop now. Good night. 


I know I should probably find this sort of assignment intriguing," but really I'm just bored as hell. I think I can honestly say that I never imagined myself doing something like this. I guess it's something I always imagined only druggies and insomniacs did. Then again, I consider myself an insomniac. But like I said. here we are. My only motivation for doing this is that my roommate has promised me that after I finish my writing assignment, we can go to lunch. How sad. She is like my mom. She wakes me up in the mornings when I oversleep, she keeps track of my assignments for the classes we have together, she cleans the room. and even sadder. Food is my only motivation. Meh. In other news, the UT Body Project is going well. I got paid $30 for the seminar I attended yesterday. They want us to "diet" for the next week, though they stress that it's not "diet[ing]," but more "finding a homeostasis" in the course of our daily consumptions. Somehow I don't see that happening. On a lighter note, my new computer is totally freaking super awesome. It's great having a computer that doesn't restart every day, and actually has enough memory to complete whole tasks. My poor baby. I'm not too sure what to do with my old computer. So for now, it's sitting in a Dell box in the middle of my room, taking up space. So it's hard for me to access my closet. But oh well. Who needs clothes anyway. My roommate is sick right now. asking for tissues. This could be a disaster. She is also trying to read what I'm writing, claiming that I'm talking trash about her. . Everything she is heard is true. And, because I'm confident in the fact that no one is going to read this, and on the off chance that they do, they won't give a shit, I'll delve a little bit into my personal life. I wrote an e-mail to S (as we'll call him for now) while he was gone. Though he wasn't technically gone. He went to Harvard for college, and his computer had not yet arrived. Speaking of which, because Harvard is gay, their holiday breaks are all messed up. so they just started school, and while we get out of school on the 7th of may, they don't get out till the 25th I think. It sux0rz. Fortunately, I asked Arjun, and their spring break doesn't coincide with ours. Which means. my roommate Angela and I might go visit them up in Boston during our spring break, if there's enough money, and if we care. But I digress. Then again I guess the point of this is to digress, so by not digressing I actually am digressing. OK I'm not going to confuse myself further. Anyway. back to the e-mail. Right. So I wrote it, and he got back on Tuesday, as he said he would. But by the I'd already gotten my new computer, and installed it and everything. Unfortunately, I don't have the proper network cable to network my computers just yet, so it's still on my old POS computer. Oh well. It wasn't anything important. just a stream-of-consciousness type thing, a lot like this. Except a lot longer. I forget what the point of this story was. Oh well. I guess what I'm trying to say is that a) the Donnie Darko soundtrack is very good, and b) I miss him a lot. A lot a lot. He is going to have fun up at Harvard with his friends, while I'm stuck down here with no ability to make friends whatsoever. It's so depressing. I don't really like it down here. I miss Saikat, and Arjun, and Amit. Bah. I really need to update my journal sometime soon. I think oftentimes, I make such an effort to make the entries I write so pensive, and thought-provoking, that if I'm ever experiencing writer's block, or whatever, I just won't update. What a shame. I need to stop caring about how I write and start worrying about what I write. People don't need to read something well-written to be able to enjoy it. Then again, what's to convince myself that my entries are interesting anyway. Oh poo. In other news, the movie "The Good Girl" is really good. It helped me to explore some aspects of my life that I'd never given much thought to. I guess I should have. 


right now I am feeling tired and a little burnt out. I have had a quiz and a test this week so I ve been stressed out. I haven't taken my chemistry test yet so I'm nervous about that. I have studied but I don't feel prepared. It's cold in our dorm room right now. It's cloudy outside which is how I feel about certain aspects in life. I'm not sure I will accomplish my goals in life. Though I know that if I give it my best effort that there is nothing more I could have done. No one is in the room other than me so I'm feeling a little lonely. Not too much though. Sometimes it is nice to be alone. I have always enjoyed being alone everynow and then. I feel like I need to relax. I didn't get tickets to the game this Saturday so I'm pissed about that. I did get tickets to the OU game though so that made me happy. I like to listen to music. It also helps me to relax. I'm listening to music right now as a matter of fact. I have a heavy course load, though not too bad. I know that if I quit that I'll regret it for the rest of my life. I think regret is probably one of the worst feelings in the world next to loneliness. Loneliness you could almost always fix, but regret is much harder to deal with. Time is going by too slowly, I think I'm running out of stuff to talk about. It does feel good to get your feelings out and onto something like paper. Sometimes I think it would be better to write out all your feelings on paper so that someone wouldn't have to sit there and listen to you bitch about your life all the time. But other times that's exactly what you need. My favorite TV show is Scrubs. The main character portrays me down to a T". Watching Scrubs is another way I relax. I'm not necessarily worried about my chemistry test, or at least not to the point of where I'm dreading going. I know that all I can do is my best. I know I've talked about this but I love music. I can feel it in my soul when it plays. I can feel the song. I can feel the notes, the rhythms, all of it. I can close my eyes and just get lost in a song. It's weird, I know. My time is almost up. I'm hungry. It seems like now that I'm thinking about how hungry I am that it is taking longer to finish than it did before. I'm writing this at 9:15 a. m. That's not necessarily early in my book but it is definitely too early to do this. I have a lot of reading to do. I'm happy to be at UT. It's what I have wanted to do all my life. I want to be a doctor. A heart surgeon actually. It seems like its going to be tough. Which is no surprise. I need to buckle down more. Next week, It starts. What is it you ask? It is me buckling down and going hardcore on my classes. 2 minutes left!  This was easier than I thought it would be. 1 minute left. I almost forgot to write this. That would have sucked and I would have been pissed. But I remembered so I happy. I feel better writing down all this. 


I hope I can make it to my next class on time. The pop up ads on my computer are getting very annoying. My throat hurts. I have to take a pill I got from health services. A little cold in here. It just got a lot darker. I have to turn in a maintenance slip so they'll change my light bulbs. Meningococcal vaccine today after chemistry. I shouldn't crack my knuckles. I wonder how my roommate can study so much. What does he have so much work in?  I miss Andi. She is in New York right now with football players and lacrosse players all over her. It makes me angry. I hate being jealous, but I can't help it. No one else is online. I hope Andi will visit soon. I bet I'll go into a trance if I stare at this screen long enough. I won't fall asleep, I'll just kind of zone out. It got darker again. Why don't I notice when it gets light?  I have to call Leslie from A Chi O and make sure she brings all the girls to our mixer tonight. I have to get to the gym. Out of shape. Only 6 minutes?  wow. I'd better think more. I feel like a monk. I must block outside distractions and focus my energy inside. Darker again. There are monks in Tibet that can raise their body temperature by ten degrees or so just by meditating. The power of the mind!  I have beach boys stuck in my head for some reason now. god that's irritating. Why is my back so stiff?  I need to get more sleep. Mondays and Wednesdays suck, because I have to get up early. no tv and no beer make homer something something. The simpsons is a great show. It's slacked a little recently, but its still good. There, it got brighter. But slowly. I'm cold. I haven't had a single test yet. I wonder how hard they will be. Economics is so boring. Stream of consciousness. I should shave now. No time. I can't shave for two months!  Damn fraternity. How can I type continuously if I'm not thinking anything?  I think too much usually, but now, nothing. I overanalyze things. Or at least that's what my ex girlfriend told me. I think that I was just thorough. Oh well. It's just like, paranoia is just a heightened sense of awareness. That was in a movie, conspiracy theory, with Mel Gibson. I never saw it. Mel Gibson was on the simpsons once. Apparently his family is very anti-Semitic. I wonder what Andi is doing. Hey, doesn't the average guy in America think about sex once every 6 seconds or something?  Every other line I should write, sex. "  or just something gross and raunchy. oh well. sex. ha. I think girls are worse than guys, but no one knows it. I think if we put a microphone in a guys room and in a girls room, you'd be blown away buy what the girls say. crazy. sex. I hope I can see andi soon. She is busy with tennis. I want her to come. Ok, I'm done. Sex! haha 


I'm bored, da da da da seinfeld is funny I wish I could watch seinfeld all day david reminds me of seinfeld because david is one of the funniest people I know. it's cool he has steph. they're so good to each other, then again, I rarely hang out with both of them together. sweet seinfelds starting. hmmmm, I don't remember this episode, which is weird because I how long is this thing going to last. damn, I'm not far at all so do I just hit the finish button at the end or will it automatically end blah I guess I'll just hit the finish button when it comes blank blank bottles paper sauce ooooo ronin warriors I love the ronin warriors too bad they didn't have the whole set at the store o damn someone just messaged me I should've put an away message on but I never do. should I check it? but then I this won't be a stream of consciousness did I spell that right? o well I spell a lot of things wrong blah idealist eh, I'm an idealist too like seinfeld I wish I could be the next seinfeld I like making people laugh and he also gets paid for it I wish I could get paid for that so I won't have to compromise my beliefs and get a job 5 minutes, 1/4 fo the way through damn and a page of this thing, this thing is going to be long if I keep typing like this yarghh my hair is in my eye and it's itching me I wish I could just shave my head, but I don't like how it looks shaved like in 5th grade then people used to rub my head and it really pissed me off and I really don't want that I wish I could be like john lydon always reinventing himself, the only thing I have that comes close was my spikey hair in like 8th grade and the drab way of dressing too bad I get pissed off at people who dress like me god damn it my hair I want it to sop 7 minutes well shit I'm not even half done this is taking forever I just heard footsteps I wonder if that was roxy roxy so fine damn nose itching making me stop damn eye I need a hat but I really don't like hats the make my hair all flat and crap hard beds like hard beds but I like my tempurpedic one the best it rules and it's so comfortable I bet that was neal I hope he isn't messaging me about dinner just lost what I was thinking but roxy is nice too bad I'm too much of an ass to talk to her I would probably say something stupid and mean if she ever talking to me bad backs she elaine hurt her back I've seen the episode I was right but I think this was an early one blank blank blank jerri blank man she is weird I can't think of her name but she weird like that weird hitler doll she made that just kinda pissed me off damn belsen was a gas is a good song the sex pistols rule I wish I knew what that song was saying but I can't really understand everything rotten was saying  good pen that writes upside down 12 minutes ugh almost done 8 more minutes I wonder if my hands will hurt after this they're already tired ugh had to crack it even though it didn't crack so I guess I just stretched it man stretch marks are weird I wonder if I'll get them for some reason even though I won't get crazy pregnant stretch marks but I wonder if I can gain a crap load of weight then lose it to gain stretch marks my roommates making noise I wonder what he is doing I could turn my head but that requires work I don't like work I don't like school school sucks too much work I want to live in a shack in the woods like the Unabomber he had a cool place to live then again I don't have a million in liquid assets like he did so I wouldn't really be able to survive like he did damn he was smart too bad he went killing people otherwise he wouldn't been awesome hehe awesome reminds me of the ninja turtles that show ruled I used to want to be like leo leo was the man then they made the new one and he acts like he has a rod shoved up his ass damn why did they make him such a stiff uhh stiffler that a funny name like a boner man growing pains had that guy named boner on it I wonder if they realized what they did damn jerry's eyes are crazy o god watching it too much sweet almost done only 3 minutes I can sing a three minute song and be done why don't I try I've seen you in the mirror when the story began and I fell in love with you I love your mortal sin your brains are locked away damn it your brains are locked away yarghh why can't I remember I've seen you in the mirror when the story began and I fell in love with you I love your mortal sin your brains are lock away but I love your company I'll only ever leave you if you got no money I got no emotion for anybody else you better understand I'm in love with my self my self, my beautiful self no feeling a no feelings a no feeling for anybody else  there ain't no moonlight after mig damn wrong verse but only a minute left guess I can't type as fast as I can sing but I bet if they changed the keyboard that guy and cs was talking about I could type a lot faster stella what was that from why can't I remember I don't watch movies d 


My computer is spiffy. I decided to name it Mara, which means bitterness" apparently, but I was naming it after a character in the Star Wars books who is really cool. My computer gets in "fights" with a friend's computer. We type to each other over AOL instant messenger about what are computers are supposedly doing to each other. She named her computer Screwtape after a demonic character C. S. Lewis developed. It's hard to write stream of consciousness things because my brain works much faster than my fingers and by the time my fingers catch up, I'm on to a new thought. I'm also kind of a perfectionist in my typing because I hate to spell things wrong and make grammatical mistakes. However, I probably won't be able to keep myself from making such mistakes because I am typing so fast. One of my friends is IMing me, but I can't respond because I have to do this for an entire 20 minutes. I'm only at 4 minutes 50 seconds right now. I guess I can keep him waiting. He is one of the best friends you could ever have. However, I'm having a little trouble right now because he and I are slightly attracted to each other and he and my best girl friend just broke up and I know she still adores him completely. Besides, I think they're much better for each other than he and I could be. He and I are both too proud and arrogant. She is proud, but she doesn't think she knows everything. She is pretty zany. I met her back in the 6th grade and we've been friends ever since. Our friendship has had its ups and downs, but it has never halted. I just couldn't hook up with her ex-boyfriend because that would be tacky, at least for the next couple years. I know she had be really upset and I could never forget the way they were together. Fortunately, I think the boy is on somewhat of the same wavelength as me. Speaking of romantic interests, there's a boy who lives next door to me who's pretty attractive. However, I think a lot of girls are attracted to him, so I would have a lot of competition, and I don't like competition. He seems like a really nice guy, though I'm thinking right now he is somewhat of an idiot. One of my suitemates was hosting a drinking party, and apparently he came. I was locked away in my room, attempting to study because I have a quiz and a test tomorrow (actually later today, since it is now after midnight). I wish I could find a guy who wasn't so emotionally messed up or low in the self-esteem department that he feels he has to drink his cares away. Speaking of which, Chris hasn't e-mailed me back. He and I got into an argument and he avoids too much confrontation, though he has a tendency to inadvertently start it and keep it going. So anyways, right now he is avoiding me. I wish he would talk to me, because he is one of the few people I trust to be honest, moral, and to steer me from harm. And I need to talk to a guy like that right now. I seem to attract guys who aren't particularly moral and who tend to be too apathetic to care about making themselves better people. The irony is, they like me, they tell me, because I'm so moral, pure, and sweet. Someone's knocking at the door. It took only 30 seconds to answer it. My roommate just returned from finishing a computer science assignment in the computer lab. She is really cool, probably one of the best possible roommates I could have. She is quite eclectic. She likes to knit, particularly when she is listening to lectures because it keeps her hands busy. If I have enough energy, I fidget during lectures. I used to play with a hacky sack in high school. Some of my teachers would actually play catch with me with it. It was cool, because my teachers trusted me. I even was friends with a few. I went to lunch with a few of them about a month ago. I'm going to miss them. Speaking of which, I need to e-mail Mr. Karnavas, my former Bible/Philosophy/Greek teacher. 


Right now I am thinking about the point of this I guess maybe it does have some point but I really don't see one but anyhow its not that bad of an assignment I mean just typing what you are thinking for twenty minutes. my dorm room is rather hot and I want to get up to turn our fan on but I won't because then I would have to leave the computer and then I couldn't track my thoughts for those few second that I leave the computer. I waiting for a phone call from my boyfriend he was supposed to call around 9:45 but he has not called yet and its starting to irritate me I also notice that I have only been typing for like 2 minutes. I wonder what I'm going to be typing for 18 more minutes. gosh I have some much to do tonight I have to starch my army uniform and polish my boots and I have to finish retyping my rhetorical analysis paper that didn't get saved for some reason and then I have to do some biology reading and finsih some biology questions. I don't really like my biology class but I do like my chemistry class but that probably just because its easy and I've done well in it so far. my ear is starting to hurt . I hope I don't have an ear infection. I feel like I'm starting to get a headache maybe its because I'm tired or maybe because I'm hungry . or maybe because I'm dehydrated. I dunno but once this is over I think I'm going to take some advil and hopefully that will make it feel better this is hard forcing myself to write what I'm thinking of . I've been looking at a computer screen most of the day and my eyes are starting to hurt maybe that is why I have a headache . who knows . but I can't wait till I get to  go to sleep . so do you guys actually read these I bet these can get really interesting I mean if I had to read over 500 of these I'd probably be pretty bored. but maybe pysch guys just like reading random thoughts, hundreds of them . is it stimulating?  I'm dating a guy who a psych. major . he is in grad school right now . mastering in something pysch related . he is supposed to call me right now . maybe he got held up reading random stream of conscious stuff . my jaw is aching right now too . I have tmj and it sucks my jaw is out of alignment and it hurts really bad. I wish I could just pop it back in place but that would be all sorts of hard and probably fairly painful . but anyways and its only been like 12 minutes . this is crazy . after this I have to do some real writing that does not rock my world because I know that I'll be tired and I won't feel like doing it an then I'll tell myself that I'll sleep for like an hour and then wake up and finish what I need to do but it won't happen . gosh I'm so freaking tired and my ears are really starting to hurt but I think it might be from my jaw and that probably why I have a headache . gosh I really could go for a massage right about now but I don't want to spend any of my money . my boyfriend gives really good massages and he is supposed to call me but he has not called me yet . what a dick. ugh how much longer of this seriously twenty minutes . I doubt that this writing assignment, aside from a simple grade, really benefits me in anyway . so is this an assignment so you psych guys can have experiments and such? crazy so we pay money to take a class so we can do assignments for psych guys who use them as experiments . hmmm I don't know if I like that idea . but oh well because this assignment is a lot better than the next one that I will have to do . but this is making me so tired and my eyes are really starting to have a hard time focusing on the computer and then when I close them I want to keep them shut and just sleep for like a few seconds and then a few seconds more oh well I only have like a minute left count down . 59 58 57 56 55 54 53 52 51 5049484746454443424140393837363534333231302928272625242 ah nice its over  


Okay. This is weird. I don't like assignments like this one. I'm trying to track my own thoughts and feelings; trying to be somewhat original and all I find is nothing really. Seems like deep down I am pretty reserved. Well, actually I know that I am so this is not a surprising. Anyways, there it is . nothing. Rachel just got home. She is my sister. She had swim team practice. I think she has more talent than she is willing to admit she has. Does that make sense? Working hard isn't her most favorite thing, though. I bet you wondering why I am expressing myself so badly. It has to do with the fact that English is not my native language. I am German. My real family is still in Germany. So Rachel is not my real sister. She is part of the family I am staying with. Now I am going blank again. Let's talk about the family I am staying with then. They are very kind. After all, they aren't charging me anything. Why? That's a longer story. I think my host mom would be an interesting case for psychology. There isn't anything wrong with her. It's just an perfect example for insecurity at its highest level. The funny thing is that nobody would ever suspect this insecurity. And I am sure she would vehemently repudiate such a statement. But it's true. From what I understand you can blame that on her childhood. Her version is that her parents wanted a boy as their first child. Well, it was her they got. Accordingly, her parents made that very clear throughout her whole life. Well, you can derive your own implications. Anyways, she is on a constant mission to prove to everybody how smart and special she is. It goes even so far that she fabricates facts in order to win arguments. Even when you present her with indisputable facts she refuses to admit that she was wrong. She goes as far as questioning well known axioms or pundits. Anyway, I should be talking about myself. I have my own problems. I can't state my feelings. That is as far as I will go because I can't talk about it. Then it can't be cured. Irony. Now I am thinking about UT. It's pretty overwhelming. In Germany my High School graduating class had about 70 people. Yup. But I will do fine. I am just having these high expectations in college. I want to find my dead poet society" - teacher. Someone that will point me in the right direction. That makes learning an adventure. Right now, I still have to force myself to do homework. Time is up!   


Today is September 11th. I was reading some articles on MSN. com about whether or not we should commemorate this. I had a class at 9:30--I wish I didn't have to wake up for this class. It seems like whenever I have to wake up for a class it drains me of energy. I'm glad that the only other class I have is in the afternoon today. Speaking of which I'm going home for the weekend--that makes me happy because I will get away from everything related to UT Austin. My roommate was in the room, he just left. I am writing on my laptop--it's very hard to use this keyboard. I am tired right now. I don't know what to do. I have calculus homework to do. I feel like it has been looming over my head. I can't wait to go to home. I feel more comfortable here at UT now. I think I'm getting along with everyone. I don't feel stressed out anymore. I feel like there is nothing to be bummed out about. I will find what I like to do here. I might join the badminton club. That sounds like fun because I used to play badminton and now I don't anymore. I don't play it anymore because I don't feel like it. Being at UT is a lot of walking, I'm tired cause of it. I think a lot of my thoughts are being filtered when I'm typing. I am Indian. My parents are from India. They are very nice people and they are at home. Sometimes I feel like they miss me and I miss them. I am going back to see them. I am getting tired of typing on the keyboard. I think I am a smart person. I wonder if other people think I try to act smart. I don't really care if they do. I'm just being myself. I get along with others. I don't think I will be completely satisfied in life thinking I have to be something when I grow up. I should just stay happy as I am right now. I think that would be a good life plan. Just take it easy. That's what I'm doing right now. My computer is a Dell and it's a laptop--with a small keyboard. I got it new. My roommate just came in. He is doing the laundry. I feel like he feels that he has a lot to do. It seems to me he likes to work. I am going to keep my life simple here at college. I won't expect myself to be a superhero. I think waking up for class is good because then the day doesn't go by. In college you have a lot of free-time. I think I spend too much time studying ineffectively. I should set good goals and then spend time making friends. I am very happy right now. I feel kind of just like sitting here and not getting up. I have to get up to get the trash. Whenever I do work, I think of doing it in sequences. Sometimes I act smart. It's okay--I like to make intellectual jokes a lot. My parents used to take the trash from my room when I was young. They did a lot of things for me. Now I have to do a lot of things on my own. That's okay--we're almost out of milk. I'm going to get paper plates and paper cups so I can just throw them away after using it. I'm getting hungry. My roommate is eating Spaghetti from downstairs. That tastes good. Am I being artificial?  Am I talking as if I want people to hear what exactly I'm saying. I don't now. bye     


Stream of Consciousness? How do you start something so vague. I keep a journal which I write in occasionally, but I can not remember the last time an assignment consisted solely of write your thoughts. " I'd be willing to bet that the beginning of most of these streams is a self consciousness, because that is definitely what I am feeling right now. It's late Monday night and I am taking this time to break up the reading that I have fallen behind in. While I am technically still studying psychology, it does provide a nice change of pace to the abysmal pages of text. What is the point of this assignment anyway? How could one person possibly gather a conclusion from over 600 students listing off whatever pops into their mind? I guess the biggest amazement for me is how these psychologists are able to gather data from such an unreliable subject. the human mind. There really is no other single entity (besides the female mind) which is so complex and irregular. Humans are an interesting study, which explains why so many students choose to take anthropology, sociology and history. But psychology really is the king of the social sciences, it's all but required for a college student. I couldn't believe how stereotypical I felt when I uttered the phrase "my psych class", it's the single most overheard expression on this campus outside of the greek alphabet. Now that I mentioned the greek societies on our campus, I'd like to delve into that a little. After overhearing a pack of sorority girls outside of Kinsolving today, (they travel in packs) their conversation only bolstered my opinion that Sororities and Fraternities actually limit social interaction. Sure it's great to pile in kids to the parties and attempt to shack up with a sorority chick, but I honestly don't feel compelled to join a fraternity. Free beer and life long friends may be something that is promised upon the rush season, but it seems to me that in exchange the member loses their individuality. Fraternity issues become the mindset of the member, and any excuse to discuss those issues with another person, be they in the same frat or not, is almost always taken advantage of. Yes, some fraternities do some good community work, but it limits people into one train of thought, their loyalty is admirable to the members, but to the outside they seem transparent and single minded. Of course, coming from a freshman non-frat male, that sounds like every other person with an opinion, ready to lay waste to the organizations with his individuality. I really don't oppose the fraternity/sorority concept, because it is a need some people truly need filled. But the sight of another party where 70% of the attendance is male, 20% are lifeless girls not interested in meeting people, and the other 10% are passed out, it makes them all seem the same. I feel that rant about fraternities could pass as given off by anybody, but not only did that illustrate my frustration with constantly hearing about the Kappa party or the Pi Phi foam bash, but helped me vent to something beyond my friends who also are constantly kicked out of those parties. I feel definitely stereotypical again, from discussing my feelings toward psychology to my frustration with frat parties, could I possibly be the more prototypical male? Well, here's the sinker, it's time to discuss sports. I cover them for a newspaper, but honestly I'm just like another fan, but willing to put in the work. Too often the news pages are filled with guys who belong on the radio, it's like their verbal garbage should be filling empty air time instead of priceless page space. Any fan with a computer can put together that the Cowboys are in a rebuilding year, but how many fans would be willing to go to the practices, meet the coaches and do the dirty work of actually uncovering the story. I guess I am frustrated with the lazy column writing which features another talking head giving his 'take' about the latest controversy regarding sports. That's not to say that all of them are  garbage, but too many of them I find repetitive and dull, and bringing nothing new to the argument. Covering a sport is different than giving an opinion, and I enjoy covering sports because of its complexity and difficulty of trying to shape a story out of thin air. I love the hunt, and that not only makes me strange, but a pretty good fit for a newspaper writer. Of course, as a college freshman, I really don't have an inkling of an idea on what is my true calling, but I figure the experience couldn't hurt. Much like my decision to take this psychology class, it may seem stereotypical, but the experience and exposure to a new understanding of the human brain could not hurt my chances on a better understanding of myself and others. My time is up, I am sorry to whoever is reading this, it must seem very much like the others I'm sure, but I look forward to this class and I thank you for this very interesting assignment. 


Well, I suppose I should think of a topic to write for 20 minutes. It is a mystery to what kind of issue or topic the professor wishes me to explore. I know he says to just type what I think, but the topic is so broad there are an infinite number of paths and possibilities to explore. What exactly is the professor trying to look for in this writing experiment. It can't be the simple fact to see if a person is capable of typing for 20 minutes. My mind currently draws a blank at what I should write about. Perhaps my first impressions of college as a freshman? Well so far, I think I'm still getting used to the fact that I am living on my own, and I do have a greater sense of independence from my parents. However, there are responsibilities I like and dislike having. Wow, it's only been around 5 minutes since I started. I really doubt I am capable of typing about no specific topic for a whole 20 minutes. Now I am thinking if I am required to type for the whole 20 minutes, or if I can simply hit the finish button when I have finished this stream of thought. Earlier, I started to complete a few experiment requirements. The prescreening requirement was not available, which is kind of depressing since it seemed like an easy 1. 5 hr worth of experimental credit. I hope it becomes available later. Now, my mind continues to draw a blank with nothing to write about. Honestly, I'm watching TV while typing this assignment, hoping to pass the time a little faster. It doesn't seem to be helping much though. It's strange when you try to force yourself to type about anything, nothing comes out. Not just nothing good, but ABSOLUTELY nothing! Well I'm nearing the 15 min mark, and I seem to have less and less to write. I wonder how long other people's assignments will be. Perhaps most will be longer than mine, but maybe not. Some soul must be just as stuck as I am. 


Hello, my name is Jason. I felt like I needed to introduce myself since someone will be reading this assignment, and I am not familiar with that person. Anyhow, lets talk about some stuff. Hmm, where should I begin? I was born in Alice. If your thinking this is like a biography, then I think that you will be wrong. However, back to what I was saying. I don't really like traveling to Alice, TX. I find it kind of boring because I don't have anyone over there that is my age. All of my relatives are much older than I. These people don't tend to interest me because they are always bogged down with the problems that they create. Lets talk about my uncle for instance. I will not mention his name, however, he was. I mean is a drug addict and is constantly in and out of jail. Why would I be interested in going and visiting him unless I wanted some crack or something? He is a liar anyways, and I don't like affiliating myself with those kinds of people. Speaking of the kind of people I affiliate (if that's even how u spell the word) myself with, I think that I accidentally roomed with a gay person this semester. Had to look over my shoulder to make sure he's not behind me or something. However, he makes a lot of homosexual remarks, and although he says he is just playing, I think he does it all too frequently to be playing around. Anyways, I'm sick of talking about him because that guy is more and more annoying everyday. Lets talk about my big brother. Now this guy is someone who has his crap cut out. This is the reason that I look up to him. He knows how to manage his time, talk to his gf on the telephone for hours at a time, go out on the weekends, and still get all A's! I have to admit that I am somewhat jealous. However, he does help me out and gives really great advice. When he tutors me, I feel like he teaches better than a lot of professors. Maybe this is because he has known me for so long and knows how I retain material. He is two years older than me, but I am tired of talking about him because he always hogs the damn spotlight. Lets talk about my boxing, because that always gets me the respect and acknowledgement that I feel is so precious to a person. I hated not being respected. It made me sick to my stomach when someone would cut me in line or throw a pencil or whatnot at me and I couldn't do anything about it because that person had a physical strength advantage over me. However, I put an end to all that crap when I joined the boxing team in the summer of my freshman year in high school. I learned how to fight the hard way though. My coach sucked and didn't teach me a thing, so I just kept fighting and watching fights and picked up on different styles and tricks of the trade. I adopted a slugger's style of fighting. The reason is because my foot movement was never all that great. My strength began to get developed when I began lifting weights in my freshman year, and it suited my fighting style great. That year, a couple of kids decided to mess with me, so I took them to the mat room (part of the gym in my high school), and floored them one by one. Man it was great, the respect that those fights generated was awesome. From then on out, word of mouth about those fights got me my respect. I didn't even have to fight anymore! But I kept on because I got too competitive and I kind of liked it. Currently, I'm undefeated in my hometown. However, I was just an average fighter when it came to the Golden Gloves. I stopped when I started college. That's enough of that. My father is the next person I want to discuss. He has worked his way from rock bottom, and I admire that. He slept in a car for 6 months and bathed in a nearby river when he was working in maintenance away (for a railroad company called Southern Pacific). He helps us out so much and he's funding my tuition for college all by himself (cause my mom divorced him a couple of years ago). I still love her and all, I just don't agree with anything she does. She seems to have tunnel vision, u know what I mean? Let me explain because my time here is almost up. She is one of those people who will see something she wants, and direct all of her attention to acquiring that one thing, no matter who she hurts. Today she seems more like a stranger, cause I don't see her all that much. She didn't invite me to her wedding. My time is up. Talk to u later. Bye 


I just failed my chemistry quiz. I feel . depressed?  I could have gotten the correct answer it was just that I was answering the question incorrectly. At first I thought it was the TA's fault, maybe she done the test wrong. But as I was turning in the quiz I finally realized that I had been solving for the wrong question. Hey there's a squirrel with a piece of pizza that is bigger than him !! Ha-ha, cute. Anyways, I was turning in the quiz when I realized this. Oh well it was too late anyways. I wonder if that's how it feels when you die and go to heaven and actually realize you were praying for the wrong person or to no one at all. Just a waste of time. There's a lot of people around here, thank you the group of people that came up with wireless internet. There's really nothing much going around in my mind right now, except for the whole feeling guilty/depressed for failing that chem quiz. I went to the HPO to pick up the application for the JAMP program they want at least a 3. 25 gpa and 3. 0 gpa in the science areas in order to be admitted into it. I already failed my chem quiz , what to do. I have a test next week in chemistry, hopefully I will learn from my previous mistakes in my quiz and I will get an A . Hhahaha, squirrels they are so funny and cute, they are everywhere around this campus, that's what I love about it here, the whole not so dirty as Houston thing going on . Its so clean , well around here it is still haven't seen the rest of Austin. I bet squirrels back at home wouldn't even come up this close as the ones in here do,  What is love. I have been thinking about that , I want to believe my practical side and think that it is nothing but a bunch of hormones hitting your pleasure area in the brain. Or that love is just conformity, you find someone stay with them because you never want to be alone again. Or is love really something else, do we stay alive for it?  Is it really forever even after you die?  Maybe that's just something we want to believe in because we are also afraid of being alone even after we die. Do we really need love to be happy?  I mean love as in an "only one" your significant other, do we really need that kind of love to be happy in life , or is it really just another experience we go through?  What is love to women?  Are they just trying to find another paternal figure in their life in order to replace the one they had when they were young?  I mean think about it, if a girl had a bad experience with her dad, she'd view all men the same. So lets say she lost her respect for him, we'll she then lose respect for all men? Will she be able to be in a healthy relationship?  All these questions, and I can't type fast. I'm a slow typer. But yeah, why are we here anyways. Is life nothing but insignificant events that happen in no random order and were really just nothing at all. I mean I'm sure if all of humanity died, the earth would still spin, maybe the earth will be better with out all of us. Sometimes we think we are the center of the universe. But really we are nothing at all, just a speck in the abyss of the dark universe. Ew, there was some stuff on my hands where did it come from. Maybe a bird pooped on me, you can't trust those birds. I rubbed it all over my forehead, maybe I should check what it is, wait I have to finish this thing. I'm thinking about majoring in some other field now, like psychology, but I love my current HAHAHAHA there is a squirrel in the trash can !! HOW CUTE. So psychology sounds interesting buy I also looooooooove biology. Maybe there's a biopsychology major out there, I mean biology and psychology do go in hand right? 


     Right now I am doing this psychology ut what will I be doing in the next couple seconds. Oop, my roommate just walked in and I have to talk to him and do this stream of consciousness writing at the same time. Hard! My room mate said hi and I am having trouble responding to him, it looks like Stephanie is impressed with my bass. All right you all have a good one. Roommate has left, that is weird. I wonder what Misung shin  yeah interesting ats salivate when they win him and Stephanie are going to do together, probably nothing much, I can hear my roommate, err my people across the way talking about something they usually play madden 2005 until the wee hours of the morning which doesn't really bother me but I think it might a little, who knows its probably just something to complain about. I want to go out to dinner tonight and was thinking about going with David but I don't have his number so maybe ill call mom and  dad to find out his number oh man that paper reminds me, I got to do the psychology experiment before Saturday I don't really understand the experiment system but I think it is explained somewhere in this syllabus well I have been going on for a while now and I still have a ways to go, phooey. I like my psych teacher though, he can somehow make the things we talk about in class not only funny but very interesting. oh man I think I accidentally typed some words in the wrong spot oh well I'll just keep going so yeah my psych teacher is good, and this intro class is very interesting makes you want to learn more about neurology I was thinking about how he really knows his stuff and if I could ever be  a professor who really really knew his stuff. Do I work hard enough? I think I do, I been taken it easy this week just chilling in my room but I've been working too. Another thing that I can't escape thinking bout right now is girls it the subject on every young mans mind, yet maybe I think about it more than others. I think about whether or not I'm too picky. I haven't ever gone with a girl for longer than like 2 months I really can't stand the thought of a girlfriend, I haven't really met a girl that I'm really interested in even though in these first few weeks I've already had some opportunities but I just straight decided I didn't' want to go with them why? you know it has to do with looks I probably seem really shallow but I just want a chick who looks DAMN good not just good if I find myself thinking of reasons why I don't like you the fact of the matter is I'm going g to ditch and better sooner than late I've ditched some really cool people and I feel bad about it but then I've been ditched too sometimes I think I have too many friends but the fact of the matter is if you don't want to be somebody's best friend eventually your just not going to hang out anymore so I need courage the courage to approach a girl and ask her out on a date, don't worry about if its going to be a good date just go for it and get rejected damnit that's what I say get rejected and feel that pain because one of these days your going to ask her she's going to say yes and then its just going to work these things don't just fall into your lap out of the blue at the least you have to keep yourself open to other people always meet new people I think I will ask Kim and Liz if they want to go out sometime now there's two people that look like they got their shit together Liz dropped out of sfa last year so what? she has her priorities straight you know everybody has their faults I don't want to be recognized for getting a's in class that's crap I want people to say yeah that guys is a friggin funny cool guy I like being around him, but I only want people that I can get along with to say that how do you tell the ones that like you but you don't like them gto go away it seems harsh you don't want to be an ass and the fact of the matter is you may need them some day but for what??? as long as you've got your friends you are unstoppable you are having fun you are just with your buddies and you wouldn't have it any other way like my family man I just realized how much I love them by being away from them for such an extended period of time I really missed them I didn't think that would happen but it did my sister my dad my mom are really important to me and I love them to death bottom line man I'm hungry after this I'm going to see if I can get a hold of David and singer and maybe well go get something to eat I got to talk to David man that guy is really cool maybe I have the number in my desk somewhere I don't know but maybe ill just be lazy and go out by myself, maybe just maybe ill go out an meet somebody that will play an important role in my life maybe ill have one of the best times of my freshman year who knows what could happen in the 20 minutes after I finish this project who knows?  God knows? don't get me started I could write all the proofs that straight out blast Christianity to the nether regions but no I believe in that little piece of spirituality that's in us all call it God Jesus whatever its there but it is just there its our spirituality it is us so thanks for reading and ill talk to you later boi. 


     Damn if I didn't hit enter out of habit at fourteen minutes, submitted an incomplete, computers eat my soul, thinking though again on the great badmitten essay of 1999 in outdoor education, a gym coach that never read or listened to the students, known as fact, killed time by writing idiot descriptions of sporting history, history of badmitten, wrote mashed potatoes mashed potatoes mashed potatoes mashed potatoes filling my two pages, I got an A. I met my girlfriend in that class, thinking back to short, white hair and anonymous breasts, she was drunk on our first date, she'd been with many other partners, she smoked and was vulger and knew everything about kandinsky, I painted a portrait of her standing next to a giant anthropomorphic hot dog outside the kodak theater, the hot dog dabbed his own head with ketchup, like a chicken spokesman for a chicken store, a cow for cavender's, or a retarded inmate on death row for the republican party, moving on my dreams dr are a numb series of catastrophic violence, eating brains of my best friends and crying for the deaths of assholes, once fought jack nicholson in a sea of burning ember monkeys, died by the hand of an explosive ship painting, buried under the weight of fat men, my last trip to big bend found me at the base of a babble agave, watching silver linings to form concentric circles around the great javelina head, tusking my eyes out so we could share a nice moment alone at sea, crying in the arms of alien waifs, couldn't fall asleep til I beat tyson in my mind, I graduate in three months with classes outside my interests cause they told me I took too much too much so now you need to suck it up and finish with the freshmen who are there because they don't know where else to be well I know where I need to be and it's not around this keyboard spilling oil into the duck's mouth and making him chase it with a beer, my cat soon yi just came into the room, hopped into my lap staring at these words march across this screen down the page and out of my life.     


Good Morning. Eventhough it's 12:30pm that is still morning in college hours. They say you need a minimum of 8hours at my age, but I feel ten is a little more at par. I'm trying to wake up so the music of the late Elliott Smith, a quiet honest indie-rock musician but my roommates won't turn down the overwhleming bass of whatever it is they're listening to. It's kind of frusterating but after it's all dried up, I don't think I could have got  better roommates. I love sitting at my laptop when I wake up like this with the curtains open letting the austin sun flood in like a warm bath. Our apartment is a hellhole after weekends of careless partying. It's absurd really. So monday night I found out from some of my friends in College Station that my girlfriend, or x-girlfriend, has already been cheating on me there. Damn Aggies. can't live with them, can't kill them. It's a cruel world. But I'll be better off without her I think. I talk to my brother about the experience, the unforgettable feeling of a broken heart. Where everythought of the person, especially with someone else, makes you want to vomit. But you still want to kiss them, even though they just kissed you with a boot to the face. But I suppose it's like Morgan Freeman says in the movie Seven, "love costs, it takes effort. " That's true. Back to my brother, he has been through this experience more times than anyone person deserves. He told me the trick is to realize that you are better off, in most cases. For instance Alyssa, my x, was beautiful no doubt. God she was gorgeous, which always made me wonder what she saw in a low-down dead-beat like your author. But she has no conscious knowledge of art. Ignorance isn't the problem, she just doesn't care about things beyond looks, impression and money. And well obviously she doesn't know what "love" really is. But then again maybe I don't either. But I know I loved her, I believed her lies. I bought the  false love she was selling for cheap. I still love her I suppose, I can't deny it. But she loved herself, before she loved me. And now I have to do the same. I have to be strong and let time heal all. Another thing  my brother said was how she didn't have that one thing. Like I was talking about her lack of care for art, and the beautiful small idiosyncracies of life. She had beauty, she had the ability to kill me with her eyes and her smile, but she lacked that one thing. And I quote Ben Harper, "So many people to love in my life, why do I worry about one?" I know there are better people out there so. And I have to be the nicest cheated on boyfriend ever. I honestly felt bad after I chewed her out and she was crying. Try and figure that one out. I suppose I'm just the nice guy that they say finishes last. But I don't believe that saying. Nice guys don't finish last, they just get shit on until they get the best in the end. I believe that if you hold out, if you stand true to yourself while still remain vulnerable to the love others have to offer, you will find them. I'm glad I don't have class today, makes it much easier to relax, despite the fact how much I enjoy college compared to high school. High school, what a joke. You are not pushed, you are not inspired. In high school, you are simply encouraged to be another sheep in the herd. To conform and be normal. I always saw high school as a factory for the confused and dilusionary youth of our country. But then again I am just one person. So I try to go out there, find small things to make me happy, if only temporarily to just get by. I guess that's my motive for life, for living happily and in peace. I try to never get out a high horse of beliefs or opinions. I think sometimes it's good to be apathetic and passive, and other times it is not. For instance, your friend wants to smoke a cigarette in your car. Just relax and roll down the windows and cruise. But if your friend refuses to vote when he is done with that cigarette, that is unacceptable. It's sad when people don't care important issues. I guess I just think too many people care too much about insignifigant issues, when the yard needs to be mowed or who won american idol, and too little about the major issues, war, politics, etc. I think life is a crazy thing. A conitinuous expanse of consciousness and action. I think that maybe one day, I'll have all the answer, and then I will die. Maybe  one day I will find a love that is true. Maybe. Maybe I think too much.       


    The first thing that coems to mind is how much I hate the stupid popups that are getting in the way of my writing and slowing down my laptop. The man that invented those should be shot. Now I'm starting to remember what was said in class about this assignment. It seemed like a really dumb assignment to do, but I prefer writing for only twenty minutes versus actually drafting up some essay and spending hours writing and rewriting and losing sleep over it. There really isn't much too this, which should've been fairly obvious to everyone in class. Why is it that no matter where you go there's always someone really really stupid that'll ask the same question that someone else asked only a few seconds before them. If I was a teacher that would really annoy me. It would be fun to put those dog shock collars on those types of people, you know the ones that everyone growns inwardly (and sometimes outwardly) at as soon as they open their mouth because nothing good will come out. I actually really do like the psych class. The assignment is aggravating because I know that odds are no one will ever read this and I'm doing it just for my own amusement. I know if I cheat and just copy and paste something or bang on the keyboards for 20 mins, then I'll feel bad about it. Oh well, 20 minutes isn't that big of a deal anyways. I'm killing time until my boyfriend gets done with his project so I can talk to him again. My mind is trying to go into thinking about my bf, but I'm not going to let that happen. I know that most people have a hard time making a "long distance" relationship work when the distance really isn't that far. All the girls I've met left a bf in Houston or Dallas. I wish that's how far away he was because I could go and see him on the weekends. Actually, if he was anywhere in the US, then it would really help, but I knew what I was getting into when we decided to stay together. No more boyfriend talk. I start looking around the room to think of something else, but the first thing that catches my eye is my roommate's vase of big yellow flowers that her bf just sent her. That's really not helping. I keep thinking about something in Spanish, but I'm guesssing whoever might read this (I doubt anyone ever will) won't know Spanish so I guess I should write it in english. La ausencia para el amor es como el viento para el fuego: extingue lo pequeno  y the fuerza a lo grande. That would translate to, Absence for love is like wind for fire: it extinguishes the small and gives strength to the large. Sounds much better in Spanish though. Now I'm starting to remember that anytime Spanish comes up, everyone asks how I know it and when I tell them I lived in South America they always ask if that's where I'm from. That has to be THE single most annoying question. I've been asked so many times, too many times. And no matter how many times I explain I'm from Dallas, and my parents are 100% American, people still assume that my family must be Mexican. It's like asking an oriental person if their family is originally from Africa. It's just stupid. I don't look hispanic at all. Everyone assumes too much. When I say I lived in South American, they all assume Mexico. And when I say no, then they think I must have lived in a hut in the middle of the jungle. But its not only the Americans. Now I'm remembering all the dumb questions I got when I moved to Lima. When I said I'm from Texas, they all said no you're not, you're not wearing any boots and a gallon hat. Or they'd ask where my horse was, or what happend if my horse got sick and how would I get to school if that happened. Plus I got all the dumb Bush jokes. Fern used to call me Bushwa instead of Gushwa, my last name. Pretty creative though. I'm glad he's happy at Harvard 
