

Well this really pisses me off. I write you assignment to send to you but I get no connection. So I save it and try to do send it again. It got lost, even worse I have to do this again just turn this stupid thing in. For something I have already did, this really pissed me off. So to make sure you get this thing I'm thinking about emailing this to you. And to think I actually did truly analyze myself for this project, tell you my true feelings and you don't even get to see it. This is what is really going in my sub- consciousness. You well probably are not going to get a  memo like this class. Too bad, I really had a great paper or memo you could have really thought about. It was about time, and since I have to do this the Second TIME, it's  even hardier to write about. Speaking of time I have about 5 minutes left so here it goes. I feel that time is one  of the most under-rated things in this world today. Just  look at me I'm writing this memo for the second time today and have to do the other one tomorrow. Now that was a lot of stress for just one day. Still I accomplish more things under pressure, I think that is what I'm best at. Well it  is time for me to depart, so I hope I well learned something in your class. Man, this really is stress releasing. 


I love this song. It reminds me of Plano, and when I hung out with my old friends. I wonder where they're at right now?  I wonder if they're ok, and if they're doing well at college. Where’s my roommate. He should be back by now. He must be eating. I wonder why this c. d. keeps skipping, I know it's not scratched. I can't wait till tonight. I can't forget about my laundry in twenty minutes. It better still be there when I go for it, or somebody's losing a leg. Actually, I trust most everyone on this floor because they're all pretty cool and I've met most all of them. The guy down the hall, he's pretty cool, he just isn't used to Texas life. the heat yes, since he's from Hawaii, but the people no. Should I rush a frat, or not. There are many great advantages to this, but I really don't want to join a bunch of guys I don't know and find out they're a bunch of losers, or drugees. I guess I'll never know until I decide to join, it's just whether or not I think they're cool. A lot, if not all of my friends, have joined a frat, so I can find out who likes their frat, and who doesn't to figure out which one I'd like to rush or pledge. I'm actually rushing them all, because there is no reason not to. My sister will give me the drop since she went here not to long ago. I'll ask here and get here to help me out because a lot of her friends are alumni's of the better frats. This part of the song is the best. It always makes me feel so happy, like I could do anything. Wait one sec, I have to sing along. Dangit, when is Susan going to call back, there are so many Plano people here in Austin I feel like I'm at high school all over again, just a bigger neighborhood to party in. I don't like driving here to much because there are no medians, and the speed limits aren't posted anywhere. I'm not used to having to drive sooo aggressively here. I mean I always drive aggressively, but I wonder if people here take offensive driving, instead of defensive driving. Now it is time for me to go take a safe walk, since my car is so dang far away. 


I am constantly thinking about the past. I often think about the good things that have occurred in my highschool years. I feel really sad because I miss my family so bad. I am always thinking about how I never get in trouble anymore because my parents aren't here to get mad at me whenever I come home late. I feel so lonely here. nobody knows anybody. Everywhere I turn I see different faces that I probably wont ever see again this semester. I feel so depressed because my boyfriend is gone. I am always dreaming about being together again, but its not going to happen ever because we just broke up. I miss him so bad and I can't ever be with him anymore just because I have too much darn pride. I wish I didn't have so much pride. PRIDE gets me nowhere all it does is leave you wondering What could have been? or where would I be standing now with him had I not been so proud. I am so sad, but then again I would rather have alot of pride than no pride at all. I wonder what I’m going to do with my life. Everybody seems to know exactly what they are good at. I don't!! I'm totally lost I don't know what I’m the best at. How are you supposed to know what career is the best one to choose. I want to do good in school but people don't work to the best of their ability unless they have certain goals. I'm not determined. I don't know if I will be successful dancing ballet or operating on some dying person. I'm too confused. I'm happy I have my brother I love him so much I don't know what I would do without him. I’m really hungry . I didn't have breakfast, lunch or dinner because I was too mad about my boyfriend or ex-boyfriend I should say. I can't think or sleep or eat I don't know what to do should I let go of all of this pride that I have? NO, it will be better for me in the longrun. Why do people get hurt so much. I don't understand my mind knows that things happen for a reason. I know deep down inside that for some reason this happened and that things will get better, but I’m hurting so bad inside and I still want to smile at people and say hi to my friends even when I don't want to talk to anybody. I don't understand why I have to feel horrible and my friends are all having a blast. Why do some people live the best life and others don't get it so easily. It's not fair to have some people be happy all the time and others who are born without an arm or who's parent's have died or who have some sickness why them and not me for example? 


I think I have one of the shortest attention spans. For some reason I can't concentrate on one thing for more than fifteen minutes. I was never diagnosed as A. D. D. though. I don't think I'm A. D. D. I just think I don't put forth the effort to concentrate. I was trying to read for English, but I couldn't keep my mind on it for anything. Every time I sat down to read I go sleepy. I try to stay focused, but it's hard. I wonder why my concentration is so limited. I think it all depends on what I'm interested in . I can read things relating to the human anatomy all day, but I have trouble focusing on things dealing with English or history. My mind often starts wondering. I've really had to adjust these first few weeks. Not only did I have to adjust academically, but socially. Even though I have a group of best friends, I still miss my friends back home. My mom, sister, and I are best fri3nds, and it's is pretty hard because I can't just pick up the phone and call them. It took a couple of day for me to realize this. I also have a boyfriend back home. This has also been hard. It's been hard for both of us. We were in the habit of talking everyday, and seeing each other quite often, now he's three hours away. I think he's taking it a little harder than I am. I'm keeping busy so I'm not constantly thinking about him. There's so much going on here. Between keeping on top of all of my classes, and hanging out, there's no more time left in the day. We've been having so much fun. The other five girls I hang out with are great. We all bonded so quickly. They really help to keep me focused on what I need to do. Of coarse with a group this big personalities flare, and we have disagreements, but surprisingly instead of holding grudges we talk it out. Females are stereotyped as being gossipy, and shady. Yes we do gossip, but if we say something behind someone's back, you can guarantee it's already been said to their face. So far everything's been going pretty smoothly. I hope this bond that is present now remains present for the next four years. It's difficult to say if it will because we can't  predict the future, and people change. When we're just sitting around we talk about our future as friends. I've already asked them to be bridesmaids at my wedding. Who knows when that will be. I don't plan for it to be any time soon, but I do hope our friendship will at least last that long. Friendship is a very important thing to me. It gives a sense of warmth, and belonging. It's like we have known each other for years. I hope nothing, but good will come out in due time. 


I’m finally getting to write this. I should have done this two weeks ago. well my girlfriend came by, she’s in high school still, and she's going to miss the rest of the day to be with me, but first she has to go to the doctor. I really love her alot. damn I hate it when people call me and want all this information, they really piss me off. Dalmatians aren’t good dogs once they get bigger. they are really mooding and alot are being brought to the animal shelter, I don’t work there or anything, I just heard it on the radio. I work at the library, but I’m not working today because I broke my finger playing softball with my brother, I got 4 hits, but its nothing like baseball, I’m going to walk on at UT but I don’t know if ill make it or not, but I’m going to give it my best try. me and my girlfriend have been going out for a month now, we met about 8 months ago and dated a bit then, but nothing serious ever happened, that’s probably because I was still hung up over my old girlfriend. but know its just me and her and we are in love. we’ve only had sex once and I think that’s good, because with my ex-girlfriend that’s all we ever did when we were with each other, and it became pure sexual. I don’t want that to happen with Erin(my girlfriend now) I really really want to get serious with her, I think I found the girl I could spend the rest of my life with sounds strange, but I really think I have. anyway I wish shed hurry up and get back I miss her. I think the reason we haven’t had sex more often is we never have the opportunity, her parents or grandmother are always home and my parents are home too, but I think that will change. I hope we stay together forever, and I know she’s does because she feels stronger about our relationship than I do, so I know I wont have anything to worry about. six more minutes and I’m finished, oh well I think this is fun. the simpsons are stupid, I use to like it when I was younger, but now I think its just stupid, I’m going to kill myself, just kidding, my brother and his wife are both psychology majors, my brother went to swt for fours years and know is a police officer, and his wife went to Texas for like 8, she was on the deans list and everything she’s super smart. well I’m getting on out of here, its was nice talking but I need to go to class,  


my duty is to get a date tonight for Friday when we have our mixer that is 70's based. I am looking forward to meeting some more girls than I already know. I believe that this stuff is fun whether or not it takes a whole lot of my time. although I have not had enough time to work out as much as I would like. I feel as though I am losing some muscle tone. the food at towers does not help with the dirth of a suitable protein source the food is extremely inedible I have a very hard time consuming enough food to keep my normal body weight up. at dinner I usually eat with either my pledge brothers or my roommates. my roommates are nice guys even if my suite mates are afraid of girls and this hampers our activities. I have a large amount of laundry to do but really do not feel like doing it. I have to acquire red wing boots by tomorrow or my team will lose the game. school is strange because I am never sure if I have done all my work or if I need to study some stuff more it is hard to judge how much you need to study when you have never taken a college test before. I reckon the tests will be fairly challenging although I think my high school prepared me well for these tests. I need to ask a date to the rice football game but I am not sure just who to ask. the football games are cool although my ticket at the first game had my on the highest row possible. I think Ricky Williams is good although he is not as good as jamal Williams of Tennessee. I think Texas will lose by a large margin to UCLA then they will get stomped by Kansas state. we will finally win at rice but then we will win at the other teams I think although the schedule is a mystery. I can't wait to go home to Memphis at thanksgiving to see all my friends. and my freaking car. I wish I could play more basketball and release my athletic energies. 


I am really confused right now because this girl that I think is so incredibly attractive and fun and nice and well you get the picture. Anywho. She says that she likes me it's just that she does not want a serious relationship. I totally understand that because the more that I think about it I don't want that either. I am not really sure what it is that I want. I know that I just want someone to be there for me. It would be nice to have someone who you always know will be there. Maybe I should just explain to her that I am not asking her for marriage. I am just asking for her to be there for me when I need her and I will always be there for her when she needs me. In high school I really was kind of a guy who moved around A LOT!!!!  I could never be satisfied with one person for an extend period of time. I mean hell I just got bored. But with her it is different. The first day we met we stayed up until 8am the next day just talking on my friends couch in his dorm room. Then we fell asleep together on the couch and when we got back up we just started talking again. I have only know her for a week but I feel like I have know her forever. I mean I found out so much about her in such a little time. I sometimes don't know that much about people whom I have know forever. I don't know. I don't know. I just don't know. Women are so darn confusing. Well maybe it is the situation that is actually confusing not her. Or maybe it could be me?!?!?!  Well guys aren't confusing. I mean we say what we mean and girls just read way to much into it. I guess I just want her to feel the same way about me that I feel about her. However, there is a lot going on this fall. I have just started college (and I think that may be the reason that she doesn't want a boyfriend) and I am thinking about joining either the Business Council, the Management Information Systems Association, or the Iron Spikes (they are the baseball teams spirit organization). With all of this maybe I won't have time for her. And I would not want to be so into her then have her start liking me and I stop liking her. I would feel so bad if that happened. I just want a good girl who will treat me like I deserve to be treated and like me for who I am. I guess I should just give it some time. Things happen for reasons and who am I to think I can change someone. Well I guess if I really wanted to I could manipulate her into doing what I want. (I am too good at doing that. It kind of scares me)  But what the hell would that accomplish?  Nothing. Well nothing good can come of it atleast. Someone once said that we are who we are today because of the choices we made yesterday. So I am going to make a choice to just let things run their course. If it is meant to happen then it will. If not no big deal. ***side thought****** I am not the fastest typer and my fingers are starting to get stiff. ***side thought is over*****  I am not really sure what this writing assignment is going to accomplish, but I hope it helped you as much as it helped me. It actally gave me a chance to sit down for 20 minutes and actually reflect on something that has been bothering me for a few days. Wow this psychology stuff is pretty cool. I may just have to minor in this. I am starting to like it. :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 


homework in the midst of my pre-cal assignment because my pre-cal is too long and really rather boring. plu, I need to catch up because I didn't start doing homework until the begiining of this week instead of doing a little each night, my mistake. I hope to finish this writting assignment, the pre-test, my pre-cal assignment and read some for astrology tomorrow. it's a lot but it will catch me up. then tomorrow I can begin my new pre-cal assignment and I can focus on my art project thurs and if necessary I can catch up on more psy. and pre-cal thursday evening. I'm also going to lunch with my frien james on thursday. james is a very good friend of mine and whenever I need to talk or unload my thoughts, james is excellent. plus, I'll put in a good couple of hours at my intern. david is going to teach me how to use my dad's camera and stuff so that sunday I can run another photo shoot and have some pictures developed. then, I'll have those pictures to play with and I plan on getting some of my negativesput on a cd disk so I can manipulate those pictures also. I have a very busy life going right now. I don't know how I cram it all in sometimes, but honestly, I like to have something to do at all times. I don't know why, I'm not very good at sitting still alone. only if I'm watching t. v. or something. I'll get my new job schedule on thurs. I just changed jobs because I was tired of working at the old one, that and I hadn't received a raise in a year. the sad thing is, I don't know if I'll be getting paid any more at this new place. as long as I don't take a pay cut I'll stay, I just need a new enviroment with new things to do. I'll be working at bath and body works, I think it'll be fun, because I like the things they sell there and I get to be the saleswomen. I enjoy selling things to people. my managers seem nice also. I might have to work at five in the morning a few times a year and I'm not looking forward to that at all. I've never done inventory before so I don't know what it involves, but I don't see the point in getting workers to the store at such an early hour if we'd be more productive a little later, even seven sounds more reasonable. I'd rather not worry about that until I know for sure that I'll be going in that early. I wonder what you're gather from all of my ramblings? five more minutes to go. I don't know how this is suppose to go, whather I should just write waht's on my mind or as if I'm talking to you at the other end. I gues in the end they're both going to get you the same stream of con. types of thoughts, huh?  I hope I can log onto the pre-test when I'm done with this, I tried it first and the server wouldn't let me on, yours or mine I don't know, I don't like computers much any how. I guess this was as good a way as any to put off the rest of my pre-cal since I'm being productive in the mean time. I could have gone and watched tv, or read my book (not some school assignment. ) well now, that wasn't hard at all, I guess I'm good at rambling. my time's up.  


I was looking forward to this game all week because last week they beat Michigan, the defending national champions. Also it doesn't help that most of my friends are anti-Notre dame so when they lose it makes it even worse. I really  thought that if Notre Dame could beat the national champions, they could beat Michigan state who is unranked. Besides that today has been kind of slow because I didn't wake up until about 3, it was a long night. The last couple of weekends have been like this, I stay out until 4 or so and then sleep till 2 or 3 the next day. When you wake up this late it really ruins the entire day because you think that most of the day is gone and you really can't get going. Also the weather has not helped the situation. I think the weather had been me more inclined to stay in my room and just sit around, not that that's really bad, it just kind of makes you feels unproductive. It is kind of nice that it had been cooler the last few days, I have been looking forward to wearing more long sleeve cold weather stuff but since it has been raining, its been kind of pointless. Besides, I have been trying to make it more cold than it really is. last night I planned on wearing a long sleeve sweater sort of thing but when I went outside for a little while I found it really wasn't all that cold, it was just cooler than normal. Right now I am also look forward to the next couple of weeks because I am planning on join the mavericks, the basketball spirit association for the university. This has also made me kind of nervous though because I hear that it is very straining physically. I hear that when you are first pledging, you have to wake up at 5am to work out with the group. This will probably suck because I am out of shape when it comes to running and cardiovascular stuff. They also have to lift weights, but I don't mind that =so much because I do that anyway. I hope that this organization will be worth my time and effort, I f so it will be fun, but I don't want to do it for a while and then quit because I don't like the people. Well the cowboy game is on right now, we are loosing but its ok. All this football stuff is getting me ready to play I'M football, this is my favorite I'M sport. We are getting a few teams together this year, I hope at least one will win there division, I would really like one of those intramural champion shirts but they are hard to get because so many teams play each year. I do think this year that I will be able to win one because I will know all the guys on my team, last year I played on an independent team and none of us knew each other. I really am looking forward to I'M football this year. It is almost time to go eat now and my writing time is about done and I am starting to drift out of the trance I was in when I was writing this a few minutes ago. This is actually a pretty fun exercise, its weird to see how my thought drift from one to the next, I was surprised to see how much I wrote and how fast the time went by. 


Right now I am feeling a sense that I have a lot of catching up to do in my reading. Not particularly for this subject but for some of my others. my classes thid semester consist of a lot of reading. For the most part I am enjoying school. I think that it will only get better as days go by and I begin to meet more and more people. I am from Austin and hardly any of my friends came to UT. I guess that they all wanted to get away from home. I love Austin and Ut has a wonderful Interior Design program, it is in the school of Architecture. Right now I am in the Arch. library and my typing is kind of loud I hope that it is not bothering anyone. I am about to go to my next class it is an architecture  class with 500 students. Most of my classes except for one are with 500 students. (about 500)  College goes by so quickly I can't believe that it is already thursday. Where does the time go?  Since I am from Austin I have learned that living in austin and attending school in austin are totally different. I am the only family member besides my grandmother who decided to come to Ut. most of my family went to Texas Tech, A&M, and SMU. My sister just graduated college from colorado state in Ft. Collins. I love Colorado. My older brother is going to grad school at Ut dallas and working at the same time.  Over the Christmas holiday my sister and I are going to Quito, Equidor, I can't wait. Well there is so much I could say right now but I am running out of time. Sorry for all of the mistakes. 


My name is John Davis but I go by Richard Davis. I don't know if you care but your class is really interesting. That is not me kissing butt. I don't kiss butt. Thats gross. My life consists of my JEEP, beer, and women. My girlfriend is sitting right behind me watching everything I type so of course I can't be honest with you. J/K  My jeep requires a lot of my time because I am always upgrading it. New suspension, new tires, new axels, new transmission, new engine. All better than before and better than anything else. My jeep is my security. Not that I am self consious or anything, in fact I am very cocky, but without my jeep I am not comfortable meeting new people. I want my first impression to show the amount of work and dedication I have towards my Jeep. It's my baby. Beer helps me get through the times when my jeep is frustrating me. It calms me down and allows me to think more fuzzy. I like that!!!  I like chicks a lot. Without chicks I don't know if I would want to work on my jeep. Although I would have a lot more time to work on it. I want to be sucessful when I age, and not real worried about not reaching that goal, just because I know that I want it so bad that I can get it. But, I'm having a hard time thinking about my future because my life is so full in the present. I spend all my money on my jeep and all my time on chicks. But if I didnt have those I wouldnt care about my future. Whether people think those are the wrong priorities or not, its going to make me reach my goal. Which is the American dream. To live a happy life, and thats all that matters to me. P. s. I do like to take the easy way to that American dream. 


college isn't as easy or as bad ass as I was expecting,  with katie back home I can't stand not being ablble be with her or mess around, I know I'll prob end up[ screwing it up,  I know I kindof want  to date other people but I can't stand the thought of her being with another guy, I really do care about her but I know in the long run we aren't going to end up together but it is still hard to end it or change things plus the way we alwys fight it sux. I keep getting behind in my work and I don't have enough motivation to do thingds I know I shoiuld be doing. I'm wooried avboutr this life gaurd training test I'm so out of shape, what if I don't make it . I also don't know if I should have quit soccer. it was fun and I liked to play but I really wanted more free time, but to do what watch more tv and drink more, I need to meet more people so I'm not always relying on doing things with my hs buds,  shit I need a car I'm tired of this shit being dragged out,  I have to many thingsi need transportation for,  I miss katie. I'm fucking bored and need to take a nap or something it sux ricky williams got hurt I want him to tear up the nfl. I wish I could have watched the game last nite I neede to get a paper so I can check the stats,  man this 3 hrs of life gaurding training is going to suck. it's pretty exscessive to have 2 a month. I wonder where evrybody is,  what the hell am io going to do for dinner tonite since jester doesn't have food sun nite,  the stupid thing is last sun we went to the union and all but one place was closed on a day they know the cafeteria is closed how retarded,  dam the redskins are beating the shit out of the cowboys,  I hate the cowboys, but then again what nfl team do I really like,  any way ah shit my leg is falling asleep,  I wonder how jamie is or if he washed his sheets, what did he do last nite, I wonder if I'm going to get called fo an interview,  who pllays on the tv tonite  . I don't know why I burn so many cd's I never listen to any of them. I wonder if grant is upset with me for some obscurwe reason, I wouldn't have minded seeing robyns body this weekend god she has got a great ass I'll never forget seeing all those girls at midnite madness,  damn I'm deprived. I got scrswed this weekend on the money shit I spent like 75 bucks and everyone benififtes , I nedd to deposit my check. I don't evben know if I have any slips. I wonder how bad ricky is hurt. did my sister go to church today. my neck hurts dam I don't feel like getting in that ice cold water and freezing my balls off, hopefully its not as cold as the other pool, man none of the lifegaurds are cool. I wonder what ashley is up to or if she is still sick,  man lauren should defineatly stayhere well now I'm thinking about is finishing up this 20 min so my mind is kindof astray. I can only think of filling the paper of words these words which I''m writing. I wany  to see thos plat nice hight step,  dam 35-14  well times about up I wonder if they have any way of checking how much time u really spent because I've only gone 4 19 min oh ther's 20 


I hate the miami dolphins and jimmy johnson, always smacking his lips. the broncos suck with out elway and not the dolphins will win. god I hate the dolphins. I miss erin so much, I hope I can stay faithful to her. everyone makes me feel stupid for staying with her when she is still in high school, but she is only 3 hours away. I can hardly wait till she comes down this weekend. I could not be more stressed, tests and other crap are bogging me down. it is so hard to make friends here that I feel comfortable around and that is only making me more nervous and stressed. I hate my rtf class, it is stupid and pointless. the reading is so painful I can barely stand to do it. dammit the dolphins scored again! I hate the dolphins! thank god almighty the cowboys won,I would have had a heart attack if they had lost, I miss my friends so much. I can hardly wait to see them in a month. there are so many damn hippies around here, sometimes they are entertaining but they are mostly just annoying. DAMN I HATE THE DOLPHINS. my phone bill is going to be huge from talking to erin, my parents are going to kill me. I feel pressured to entertain her friends this weekend and that I also stressing me out. my room needs to be cleanded badly, this place is disgusting. why can't erin just be here now, if she went here my life would be next to perfect. 


I have a wondering mind so I think about a lot of different stuff within a short periosd of time. right now iim thinkigna bout home. I'm going home for labor day and I'm kinda excited. I really didn't want to go home but all my friendsa r o I might as well too. I bet my parents miss me a lot. thats y they send me e-mails oftn. its hard being the first to leave home. bc I don't want them to be sad bc I'm gona but I know they r. my mom cried all the way home I bet. she alwasy cries when I leave for long periods of time. u know that guy I  saw at church the other day was pretty cute. I think I really liked him bc he was tall. its hard to fing a cute, nice, funny tall guy. especially when ur a tall girl. its hard being tall. everyone always says they wish they were taller and they'd give anything to be 2 or 3 inches taller. why? I'm tall and its not that great. true it comes in handy at times but its also a drag. its hard to find pants that r long and to find a good tall guy. I aslo get so irritated with people when they tell me I'm tall. I'm like hello! u think I didn't know that? no stupid I thin ki'm short! duh! I also get tired of it when people ask me if I play basketball. and when I say no, they try to convince me that I need to. if I wanted to play then I would, why can't they just leave it at that? would that be so hard? college isn't quiet what I expected. I thought it would be more fun, I guess. maybe once everyone gets settleed then it'll be more fun. right now all I do is study and work out, study and work out. its a visoiou cycyle. but its okay becaus ei am not going to gain 15 pounds!! I know thst for a fact. I won't let myself. if fact I'm going to lose 15 pounda at least by christman, I hope. I need to lose weight, I think. if I think I do, then y do ppl think they need to convince me that I'm thin enough? its my body y can't I do what I want with it? I want to start modeling after my first year at UT. thethat lady told me I could and that there  company would represent me after I got the braces off adn toned up a little. well the braces r gone, thank god!! and I've already lost a little weight. plus my legs r pretty much all muscle. except for my thighs. they need a little work but thats y I've been going to the gym everyday. plus all this walking around campus helps too. geez this campus it big! luckliy all my classes are somewhat close. but I still get sweaty when walking around. man, I wish my schedule wasn't so spaced out. its a pain in the butt to have a 3 hour break. next time I'm going to schedule them better. theres not enought time to really do anything in those 3 hours worth whild. all I can do is study, get on-line and go eat. which is probably y freshman gain 15 pounds when they get here. u have all this extra time to do nothing and so they go eat. well I'm not going to do that. I'll go eat but I'll make sure I go to the gym later to work it off. I can't believe my friend jesss bought her size jeans and the next size up. she is so thin, she won't gain any weight in college. she barely eats anything. plus she'll be walking around so much that she won't gain anything, some ppl make me so sick. they eat and eat and eat but gain nothing, I use to be like that buyt not anymore. maybe thats y I stopped eating so much, I was afraid I'd gte fat/ I dunnnno whatever the reason its probably for the best. I couldn't live with myself if I got big. I don't understand how peoipole let themselves go so far. i hate it when really fat ppl say they r tired of being fat but then they eat enough food for a small country. I'm like well. if u didn't eat so mucha nd exercised maybe u wouldn't be fat, ever think of that. that guy in med class is cute. he reminds me of a friend from home. he has the same humor as him, which is a good thing. mayeb something will happen with him, I dunno yet. I guess only the future will tell!! 


Jeez, I had been typing for like at least fifteen minutes and I hit the damn escape button and everything erased from the scrteen. I hit the undo button and that got everythgnbackbuyt I wanted to make sure that it wass the escxapre button and in hit undo again after hitting ht eescxape button ahd everything leeft and shit thie really suck I am now pretty annnouyed. I had so much written and it was prertry good stuff because I t let me sse how much imy mind wantedre when I thought  for a constant peroiod of time no wmy typhen really susicsks because I am tying to gype as cfast as I can because I wanta tho get ghitthighs thing ovoer with sasa cffasat as I can . what I was talaking about at one pint in the fisrst on ewas how I have tigns keypaboard, or keyboards in genereal brecause I has a wrist rest on the keyboark onand that was annoynt aoso I took it off and I stareted to yepye faster and with abetter accurary buye you oculdn't tell now because I am tyyping so  fast that my saccuarcy has diminincdhsed to the poing youi may thingk I rally su suck iat typoien. it probably looks prtetty bad right now I can't tell because I am ilooking at the kyboark rightnow. I have trouble hitting the t keyp I have to actually think aobut it comparedk to the a key with which I don't' havae to thnk. whoa I just looked at the screen and I feel soty if anyone is ogint o reaad this or attemptot  read thins. that really sucks that this may not even bget read becsause they have at least 5oo peopel in the clasese so they will most assuredly do a random check o fhw how sdid the wirithing. they will peobably do only maybe 20 or sp eopelle tecause they want ot know if they did or irt just hit the submit button right below thi sbig plain srcren. I am listing to peopaer jam music right nao and one of my favcorigte soinbgs is palyong righ tno. I forgot the name ifo the sone, actually it ic call hail hiail. it is a cool song and I thingk t was on their yield cd. I am not fully sure. we have thhos lava lapmp in our dorm aroom and I was messing with it w few time s and I thougyth I scrwed it uip. I turned it upside down ad mnesses it up. w had to turn it off for a few hours and it wasb back to normak and me bieng the guy how likes to mess woith things as the incident I descrived at the beginning or this twinety minute thihng hsows, I shork it to s3ew hat would happen. agfain it screwed up and we had to run it ofof for some time. then it went back to normal but it was on the ground ani accidently knocked it over. then it got sxtereed up again and we rurned it off for a longer peroid of time this time pbecause it was pretty sucrewed up . an dthere wasa a hazy ol==k. like thatrewas a lot of "lava" floaiting around moile molecules and itwas wn't inin the big bunch it supposed to be. we left it off overnihght and it went back to noerla. we turned the loight s out last night and forgot to gturn the lava lamp off and it was n't even that brignth. not very bright for a ". amp". I didnt mind it bieng on but my romate w anted it off. je ,ist b e smsatovbe tp ;ogjt/ ech! that looks like jibberish. my s=f9ngers shifted to the right one and tghat looked pretty bad. that is preyy weird hw if you have yoru hand mis poistioned a few centimetere, you can type still but youlook like a copetel fool and you may mistaken for a retard! notr that I am making fun o  fhtem but that is a simple fact. people arelso eager to ump on you osometimes in theis world. oh well. aginatot his keyboar thingk. it may be better for meif I buy the microsoft natural keyboard which is split in the middle of the keyboark ins is uposed ot be more ergonomically correct. I have microsoft mousn and it fits in the palmiof my hand. wheni went home and used the mouse there it felt really bac. I wonder how much I hav e  yped how. I'll type until the end of this sone, which is now daughter. this is a longer versoin than on the original cd. this is a perarl jam live cd. it is called live on two legs or something like hat. h==I also have this orhter prearl jam cd live xcd. it is a live cd recorded from a conceret in italy. it is pretty cool and I was albe to herar new songs befoere then came out on future. cds. there is a new version of jeremy on it, but I don't' knowi f I likwe it becausei don't remembver it. I really likde hat song some peplse it isn't a song my pearly jam, bu a comver of someone selases osong I thingk with slight differences in the lyrics. ithe lyrics are soo grue becas it is like somepeople don't have mno mind, some people aridiots and stuflike that. reminds me of someoenp in knwo. as you can see if you look at the to of my text here, youwill notice that my speling has gotten better. I have actually slowed down my typing soem because I am not as ticked off as I was when I started typoing. man was I tyicked. so for you psychologists our there who may actuyally read this, my aggravation slowed down because my mind went else where because I got so in tuen wit writign thing assignment. is this evenb an asisghment?   -Shawn 


Today, what am I feeling. actually my roommate and I were talking about how we werer homesick. not in a bad way. we just miss home. I wish I knew what it was about home that I miss. is it the people? no not really considering I didn't have any really good friends when I left home. it it my parents? yeah some of it is that. but there's just this emptiness and I can't figure it out. I also feel like I am in a hella bad mood. it could be pms but it think it is a little too early. I really really hate pms. I get totally irritable and I was noticing yesterday how I felt really annoyed with people. especially my roomate and another friend. I figured it was just cause I was tired and sick of people in general but now I think maybe it is something more. well the stress of school finally begins. I'm remembering how much I hate stress. this stress is alittle different because its mixed with a lot of anxiety. I am a very anxious person at times and I hate it. I get very freaked out when I don't know what is going to happen. I guess you could say I have a big fear of the unknown. when I was applying to high school I used to freak out a lot and have crying fits because I didn't know where I was going to school. then this spring I would have freak out attacks about where I would live. I hate not knowing what will happen in the future. I think its kinda funny that I am a christian yet I struggle with the unknown. part of being a christian is having faith in god to work out all the things he has for you. but I find it really hard to trust in god and just let the fear go. I guess I have my weak areas just like all christians. anyways anxiety, I am really anxious about school. I have no idea what to expect as far as tests and grades. I told myself that because I couldnt drink this semester I would try really hard to get good grades. but it is just so hard to make myself sit down and study. I am areally lazy person and I don't like to work very hard if I don't' have to. I'm starting to ahve doubts about my major. I reaaly love spanish but I'm not sure I'm good enough to pursue it as a major. I guess there are just a lot of people in my spanish class who seem to be  so much better that I am at spanish and I get discouraged. anyways, I think my friend graham made a good point when he said that a lot of people didn't place out of spanish hours like I did and that college spanish teaches you a lot morethan high school spanish. I think he was right. but still, I'm just not real sure any more. ugh the people next door play their music so loud. it really is rude. I wonder if we play our music too loud nad jus tdon;t realize it. hmmmm. well time feels like its going by really slowly. perhaps my bad mood is jus t the devil trying to take away from the awesome things god did this weekend. well that's a thought. that retreat kicked some booty!!!!!! 


I am very stressed out right now for several different reasons. For starters, I was half way done typing this paper when my computer messed up and everything was erased. Also, I have fake nails which makes it very difficult to type. At this moment, I am trying to write this psychology paper yet all I can think about is everything else I have to do. I wish I had a pen and lots of post it notes with me at all times because I am always thinking of things that need to be done, yet I can never seem to remember them. I am constantly bombarded with thoughts of what books I need to go buy, what sections I need to read for what class, and how I am going to pass this semester living in Castilian. It is wild and very loud which makes it very difficult to study. Also, my ex-boyfriend Derek is in the hospital. He has Multiple Sclerosis and it happens to be very bad right now. I feel so guilty because I have not had the chance to visit him since he has been admitted into the hospital. I think that my mom and I are going to send him some flowers, though. We broke up almost two months ago and he has had a difficult time excepting that fact. It makes me sad to know that he is in the hospital doing absoultely nothing while I am away at college having the time of my life. I don't want him to think I don't care about him anymore or that I have forgotten about him, but this is my own way of really moving on. Last night we had our first date dash for my sorority. I invited this guy named Jordan who lives at Castilian. He is really good looking and we had a lot of fun together last night. Usually I am intimidated by good looking guys, but for some reason I find him very easy to talk to. We also had fun dancing together which is a definate plus because I often feel self-conscious when dancing with good-looking guys. I am a little upset becuse he left me after we got back to Castilian. He told me that he was going to go talk to his friends for a few minutes and that he would be right up. Too bad he came up an hour later when we had already left. I am not even that mad though because I know he feels very bad about it. I am hoping that he invites me to Delt pledge line. I am also very excited because this guy I met and dated at camp this summer wrote me an e-mail! It may sound pathetic but I was really glad to get it. He is a lot older than I am so I was expecting him to forget about me after camp. We are planning on getting married in four years as long as "college doesn't change me. " He is a TA at OU and is one of the most interesting guys I have ever met. We share a lot of the same beliefs and have such a good time together. When I graduate from college we are going to move to a beach in Mexico together. We just sarcastically talk about that, but I wouldn't mind it being a reality!! The other night I put some closure on an event that I had needed to for years. It felt really good to do that. And now I am going to put closure on this paper because all I can think about is what I need to do and how I need to be back up at school soon so I can start getting ready for the game. 


I think college is going to be the best part of my life. Coming from my high school, it seemed hopeless to find a place where I'd fit in. UT has such a wide diversity of people and so many ways to meet new people, that I think, I will have no problem finding someone like me. Of course, right now, I'm still a little shy about talking to people but hopefully that will change. I really want to join a soroity and become active in as many Hispanic and other multicultural events or projects as my schedule will allow. Maybe this will help me find the kind of people that can relate to me. Even though I only know a couple of people on campus, I feel more comfortable there than I ever did in high school.          Outside of school, things are good at home. I have all the love and support than I can ever ask for from my family. Without them I don't know where I'd be. I love them very much. I don't know why I can't tell them that. I guess I'm just too stubborn. I also get a lot of support from my boyfriend. Even though I didn't really want a boyfriend, I'm glad he's there. He brings a lot of fun to my life. I hope school doesn't take away my time for him. I know its going to though, ecspecially if I join all the organizations that I want.            Overall,I'm satisfied with everything. I know its going to be a long and hard four years, but I'm looking forward to walking the stage with an engineering major.           


Well this is the first writing assignment of the semester. You had said in our first meeting that we could write out a rough draft before we submitted this copy to you. I figured that since this is a stream of consciousness writing that it would be best if this were written straight to you without proofreading or rewriting. Well today I got back from visiting home for the Labor Day weekend, I'm feeling really homesick right about now, I think it's even worse than when I first left home for the first time to move to UT. But I'm sure as the week goes on, I'll adjust again. I think that as the year progresses and I visit more often, the coming back to school when the weekend is over will get a lot easier, because it will become I routine type of thing. Have you noticed that I've started all the paragraphs, with the exception of this one, with the word "well"? I think that's a word I use to start off thoughts that I don't know how to start off. I don't know if that's good or bad, but who really cares, right? This isn't Rhetoric. The first football game is this coming weekend, my first Longhorn football game ever. Of course I've seen games on TV, but being at the game is always better and more exciting. Just the like the San Antonio Spurs, I always watch them on TV, but being at the game is so much fun. I just learned this weekend that someone from my graduating class is in my psychology class. This isn't a person that I ever talked to, in fact, I never even knew who he was until a good friend of mine started dating him. I'm guessing he saw me in the class when we first met last Thursday, I didn't see him though, as you know, there are 540 people in that class. Last night as I was falling asleep, I started thinking about the homework that I need to get done. Then I started thinking about this writing assignment. I couldn't fall asleep because I couldn't remember when this assignment was due. In my head I continuously thought, "Is it due the 15th or the 5th?" Of course, I've always been this way, I always seem to contradict myself. In elementary school, I would lay awake at night trying to remember if I had finished all the work that was assigned to me. I would literally get up every night to check my backpack to make sure it was all finished and that I had put it all into my bag for the next day. I have a feeling I'm going to be this way in college, my biggest fear is FAILING. I know that if I work hard, I won't, but I can't help feel this way. Wow, has it been 20 minutes already, yes it has. I got a class in 20 minutes. This was fun, got to go. 


Hi I'm Ben. I've been looking forward to this assignment since I heard of it. How often do I get a chance to get credit for babbling on a blank sheet of computer. I apologize. I can't spell to save my life and the point of this is to write not to write well. so anyway. I'm listening to emenem right now. I don't want to give the reader the impression that I'm into the popular mtv crap music that is so prevalent now, its just that it has a good beat and I can type fast to it. man I pity whoever has to read this. Let me ask you a question: have you ever considered that there isn't one universal reality but actually a different reality for every person on this planet. I was at a party this weekend and this thought was on my mind (no I wasn't high). I mean think about it. I'd go into this more but I'd have to stop typing and try to organize my thoughts more and that would just slow me down. I really like UT. that was on my mind. ok here comes the random babbling. I like Austin. people here are like no other on the planet. if ever a situation existed for an all out consciousness revolution it would be in Austin. so anyway, have you ever read any james joyce. he sucks. I can't stand him. I brought that up because he has the same weird ass choppy writing style that I'm using right now. I usually don't like to write like this. my papers usually make much more sense and my thoughts are much more clear. I suppose I could try to flub this and actually write instead of babble but I promised my roommates this would only take 20 minutes, they want to start a movie and they are waiting on me. wow that first 9 minutes really flew by. I'm a Japanese major. Now if you were wondering " wow I wonder what this dorky lower classman's major is? " you know. I feel bad that you have to read all this mental defecation. ok what am I thinking about now. I guess I'm thinking about the way I think, and I guess that's the point of this assignment. congratulations. I usually think in words. unless I'm inebriated then I think in pictures. I don't like thinking in pictures because things are so hard to communicate. hmm this is starting to get old, not to imply that I have a short attention span but I somehow pictured this differently. I thought about mapping all my thoughts about the previous thoughts on reality in general. now I've decided that is just to strange to submit to some stranger (no offense) in the psych department. Whoever reading this should read the principia discordia and the illuminatus trilogy. While I'm telling you what to do, you should vote for Gore. Aww here's something I can write about: politics. I hate and fear George bush. the fact that his slimy presence has to disgrace the great city of Austin is quite the insult. his Christian pro life beliefs coupled with his yen for the death penalty confuse and aggravate me. I rue the day the Christian right gain presidential power. I also am happy I worked "rue" into that last sentence. aww yeah. Well it looks like my writing time is coming to an end. I also played with the idea of getting hellasiously wasted before doing the stream of consciousness assignment. I'm glad I didn't this paper is crazy and disjointed enough already. ok well farewell random psych guy who read this. I will always hold a special place in my heart to you. well not really and that should relieve you. I promise you I'm not crazy. Well no more than anyone else. keep it real brother man. 


College is a lot different that I thought it would be. Things are not as simple as they use not be. Individuals on campus tend to be greatly deceiving in appearance and motives. Walking down jester I see about five people at once trying to get me to join their particular club or organization. Man I don't know if I want to join a sorority or not, and if I do i'm not sure which one to join. there are so many different ones with unique styles. Not to mention that I would feel bad if I don't at least go to the meetings. mainly because my sister co founded the delta in houston. but the one in austin is not the same in activities and purpose. The ones at Ut are mainly all about parties. I need to find out what we are all doing tonight. if we go clubbing I need to find out who all is driving and how I am getting everywhere. I hate this about Austin no one really has a car and it is so inconvenient to go out. Of course unless you find a guy with a car. but I doubt that will happen any time soon more importantly I don't even want to find a guy right now. I need to deal with getting use to college life and then I need to just have fun I guess. I have so much more freedom here, there is no one to enforce strict curfew, or make you do anything. Everyone at UT is on their own and self reliant and self dependent. although it might sound scary at first it is a rush to have so much space to grow. Not only that but you meet people and they can impact your life in ways you would of never imagined, and that is what I love the most about this experience. I would contend that college life is definitely a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I am grateful to have the chance. I can't wait until college really starts and I get the hang of it all. When things are new it takes a while to get use to it but soon enough I hope I get the hang of it all. The atmosphere here unlike any other I have ever been in and I believe that is a good thing. Change brings about bigger and better opportunities. Not to mention that my parents are not here. The main reason that I even decided to go to the University of Texas is to be away from home. I need to me away from the usual drama of living at home. The only thing here is that the penalty can be a lot more serious for things you get in trouble for. I hope we don't in too much trouble for being at the wrong place at the wrong time, on Tuesday. Man if they call my parents I will be in so much trouble it is not even funny. They are going to kill me and then make me go back to the University of Houston which I swore I would never do. 


When I came to Texas I thought that school was going to be very difficult and that I would not meet anyone new. These are both wrong. So far I have met many new people and I feel as if school is not going to be as hard as I had expected. I love my classes and the diversity of students in them. Diversity to some people is a bad thing, but I love it. I think it is great to any environment to have people from every different ethnic or religious background. My favorite band, the Dave Matthews Band, has a lead singer named Dave Matthews. He is from South Africa, although he is Caucasian, he considers himself to be of a South African background. He sings many songs that talk about the problems with diversity in the world today and in years before. He is a great man and I love his songs. I went to the concert in Houston last night and watched the people around. Everyone seems to love him. I feel that he is my inspiration. His songs have such meaning and I feel that every song that he sings relates to me in some way. During the concert he was so moved by his music that he would dance and play around on stage. He is such an entertainer and performer that it would be impossible for anyone not to like him or his band. Each person on the band has a unique talent. Boyd Tinsley is the violinist, and can play jams for hours at a time. He is very talented and used to have a band of his own before he joined the Dave Matthews Band. Leroi Moore is the wind instrument player. I cannot really specify what instrument he plays because he plays over 12 different instruments, and all of which he plays to perfection. During concerts he must where sunglasses because he is so shy that he closes his eyes during the entire time of which he is playing. Carter Beauford is the drummer. He is probably the most talented member of the band, besides Dave of course. Recently he was ranked the number one drummer in the world. Another member of the band is Stefan Lessard. He plays the bass guitar for the band. He joined the band in his junior year of high school. He is the youngest member of the band. Finally, Dave Matthews plays lead acoustic guitar for the band. He is probably one of the most talented songwriters in the world today. The band last year had the highest profit grossing summer tour which made over 60 million dollars. Before Dave started the band he used to bartend at a local bar in Virginia called Miller's. This is important because he met all the members of the band bartending at that bar. He ended up starting the band in 1991 and didn't get all the members to actually commit until 1992. Every year the band becomes more popular and more popular. But, the initial reason why the band became so popular in the very beginning was because the band allowed fans to plug into the soundboard and create tapes. These tapes where then copied and passed onto many other people, and through this very system of tape trading the band's popularity grew at exponential rates. Nowadays, people can just use Napster to trade songs, but back in the early nineties people actually had to trade the tapes in person or through the mail. This band is my inspiration and I hope that they will live forever in my mind and in the mind of the people who hears their music. 


I was just thinking about how different college is from high school. I haven't come home from going out every night until 2am and I think my roommate is getting really upset with me. I feel bad because she never goes out and when I tell her I'm going out I think she feels left out. I am going to start inviting her. We knew each other in high school and now we're living together which is kind of weird but it's working out really well. People always told me not to room with my friend because you will end up hating each other but it's been working so far. She is one of those motherly typesshe likes cleaning and looking after meit's fun. I just broke up with my boyfriend of 4 years last weekend. That was really tough because we were so close. He doesn't go to UT so that was making it really difficult. I miss him. I am dating this guy now that went to my high school but he graduated a year earlier. He's really cool and we get along but it isn't the same. We'll just see how it works out. I miss my family. I am so used to seeing them everyday and now that I don't it's weird. I was so ready to get out of the house but now that I am officially out it's sad. I feel so old. I have to be independent which stinks. When I first got here, my computer wasn't working so I had to take it to the repair place and I got it all set up by myselfit works nowobviously. That was kind of liberating, though. Doing something important by yourself. I was the kind of kid who never ordered by herself at the restaurant. I always had my mom do it. So, coming to college and figuring stuff out by myself is really weird. I haven't had much homework lately. I thought college was really tough and so far it really hasn't been. My roommate has tons of homework every night and I just haven't. I feel like I am missing out on the college experience. Today, I am going to College Station to visit my friend. We are going to see Pat Green in concert which will be totally awesome. I love Pat Green. My roommate is going to the Dave Matthews Concert in DallasI am jealous. she has been home every weekendthat's probably not healthy. Her boyfriend is still back home so she misses him a lot. I think she needs to stay here at least one weekend in between the times she goes home. I don't really think she is homesickjust bored. Austin is such a great citypeople always told me that once you go to Austin you won't want to leave. I can see how that can happen. There's always something to do. I am starting to run out of things to talk aboutI think my 20 minutes are almost over. I found somethingthe Freshman 15. I am not going to gain thatbut, I can definitely see how that happens. You definitely have more spare time in college than we did in high school. I was really busy in high school. I was on drill team and I had practice every night until 7. I didn't have much time to myself. Now I do. I get bored. My dad just got a new car. It's weird that he has a new car and I've never seen it. My little sister had her 12th bday yesterday and she told my momwhen is sara coming home? My mom said, she lives three hours away, she can't come home tonight because she'll have to drive back for class the next day. When my mom told me that I started crying because it hasn't hit my little sister yet that I moved out. We used to not be close but we are nownow that we are growing up. Well, my 20 minutes are upit's been nice talking to you. 


Sometimes I like Stream of Conscience writing because when I write fictional or nonfictional stories, that is usually the style of writing I use. I used to write a lot when I was younger and planned on becoming a writer. I stopped at about the 6th grade because that is when I began to focus more on school. I think that middle schools and especially high schools place too much emphasis on grades. Those institutions should be places for students to WANT to learn, but now it's all competition and people care less about what they actually learn and get out of the class and care way too much about whether they get an A in the class. Now that I'm in college, I'm trying to start fresh and actually become passionate about the classes I take, whether they are required or not. I still have no idea what I want to be when I "grow up" besides a movie star. I'm open for all sorts of things. When I applied to U. T. I wanted to be a big time advertising CEO, but then I decided that would be selling out too much. Within the last couple of months I thought about dental school and becoming a dentist, but I still don't know. I would really like to be a movie star and I plan to save up money and go to Los Angeles 2 summers from now and just live on my own for the summer and audition for jobs. I know so many people go there and do stuff like that and still don't become famous I haven't even taken a theater arts class since the 9th grade! I don't think taking theater classes do much though, unless one wants to be in theater, but I don't want to stage acting, I want to do films. I think in films to start out with all you need is a little talent (which I think I have) and a good looking face/body (which I am working on. haha) So that's my plan so far. I haven't told really anyone. My best friend thinks that I am going with her to backpack in Europe next summer, but I can't afford it at all. I plan on working at a pool hall next summer so I can make a lot of money and save up for my next years apt. and my famous L. A. trip. I would also like to take a bus to New York sometime and live independently. My brother Danny did that a few years ago and wrote in a journal the whole time. I would love to get that kind of experience and keep it in a journal. I should probably get a journal now so I can record my little experiences right now, but so far nothing spectacular has happened. I thought that since I'm a freshmen in college I'd be meeting TONS of new people and be going on a billion crazy adventures, but I haven't at all. Most of the people at U. T. are from my high school (I have at least one person from my high school in each class) so it's hard to branch out and meet new people. I've also been stressing over money lately because I have to pay for everything (books, tuition, housing) myself and I haven't had time to think about doing fun stuff. I just got a wristband for the Texas/OU game, I'm not that interested in football though. I like basketball a lot and can't wait until UT basketball season starts though. I would like to make the most of my time in Austin, since it's such a beautiful and fun city, but I don't know when to start. I'm going to Dallas this weekend, so maybe next weekend I'll hop on one of the buses and tour the city. Sometimes I like not knowing where I'm going. I just like to relax and look at all the things around me and see the sights of Austin away from the campus and the tourist parts. One day my sister and I took the wrong bus and it went throughout the more ghetto/barrio part of town. It was real interesting to see the different people get on the bus. We saw 3 cute little boys around the ages of 9,10, and 11 and I admired how independent they seemed for such a young age. They got on the bus not knowing where they wanted to go, but just decided to go anywhere and I overheard them say "We've got 2 hours, where do y'all want to go?" I think I'm mature compared to my peers at times because I had a dysfunctional family life growing up. Through high school though, we moved into an upper class neighborhood and I attended a very affluent high school which I sometimes felt like a liberal outcast amongst a bunch of conservatives. Some of the things people at my school would say about poor people really pissed me off. But it's been 20 minutes so I will finish up. This was very cathartic, I should really invest in a journal! 


I have been sitting in my room for the past four hours. I am addicted to a video game. I haven't studied. I haven't eaten. I haven't done anything except sit in front of my television screen and focus on my Sega Dreamcast. The game is Virtua Tennis. Along with my roommates, I have begun to form somewhat of an addiction to the game. We play everyday and sometimes we play as late as 5:30 in the morning. We have played all sorts of different players from all over the world and it sometimes takes as long as two hours to beat the harder players. Sometimes, I wish I could just take the game and throw it out the window. It is starting to run my life and it is drawing me away from my studies. Every night when I do get to sleep, I think about tennis over and over again in my head. It is like a disease that is eating away at my mind. I finally drew myself away from the game because I am starting to realize that my classes are important. I am now beginning to focus more on my work. Luckily, I haven't been in school long enough for this game to do anything to my overall effectiveness in any class. I think the main reason I was drawn away from the game is because I, along with my roommates, after hours and hours of playing, finally beat all the levels and achieved every goal we could possibly get out of the game. This video game has turned me into a lazier person than I have ever been and it makes it harder for me to concentrate on my studies. I must get rid of this game before it messes with my academics. Therefore, I am going to the store sometime soon to return the game, or at least exchange it for something much less addicting. By doing this, I feel I can better focus on my class work and devote more time and effort to studying and making a good grade in all of my classes. 


Today I woke up really late and I had to run to class which made me tired. My math class is so easy I don't even know why I'm in it. Well actually I do it's because I'm in this FIG and that is pretty cool. It helps a lot. I don't know what exactly I'm supposed to write but I'm trying to just keep going. I know that I am happy today because my girl friend Ginger is coming to town and I haven't seen her in a week. That also includes my mother. I really miss her and I know that she is lonely. I also miss my brother and sister and even my dad. I wish I could play video games and party with my brother like we used to before I left. Speaking of partying I haven't done any of that since I came to Austin which is supposedly this huge party city. I think the reason that I haven't partied is because I have not been able to meet many guys here yet and that is usually who I go party with. I also miss my party pals from Arlington they weren't my best friends but they were a blast to go party with. I wonder how they are doing right now. I think they are probably skipping class for no reason, again. I don't know why you would skip class in high school it just gets you into too much trouble. I never got in trouble in high school until the last day when me and a lot of senior guys rode our bikes up to school and then through the school. That got us Dhall, but it was worth it because the bike thing was really fun. In fact all of high school was really fun except  no all of it was fun. It was easy there was always a party and I had a group of good friends to hang out with which made it even better. Those kids who are still there do not know how lucky they are to still be there. I mean I love college and everything but it is just way different. And living by yourself isn't all its cracked up to be. I mean I have to clean my room, do my own laundry, and stuff like that. I also think that I had good morals installed in me because I feel really bad when I party in my room, which I thought I would do all of the time. But I guess that also has to do with my roommate. He is just fresh in from India and is not that accustomed to living in America yet. But he is a lot cooler than I thought he was once I sat down and talked to him. I guess if you give people a chance most of them come through, except for the real jerks. I am listening to Prodigy right now and it is really fun to listen to I fell like writing down what it sounds like but since it is techno it would broadly be difficult for me to accomplish that. I wish that I had the musical talent and equipment to do something like that, but I have neither the time or musical capacity to really do that. 


  o. k try not to think. just let all your thoughts come together. this is not as easy as i thought it was going to be. the guy next door is still playing that crappie music. i wish i could go one day without hearing that, but i think it's ok my roommate just walked in and started to talk to me so i lost my train of thought. alright he left. i'm glad mary, his girlfriend, is going home. i hope they don't walk back in here and see what i just wrote but is suck last night hearing them makeout when i was trying to sleep. but she's cool. my hands are getting tried of typing. i don't know if i can make it the whole 20 min. now he's playing a new song but he turned it off. thank god. we need to clean up, this place is nasty. i don't know if i going to be able to get eric to clean. the bathroom is nasty. im run out of things to say and write. eric has some gay sunglass. i hope he doesnt wear them around me. i hope i just didnt offend my teacher or who ever reads this by saying gay. i hope my teacher doesnt think now i think he's gay, not that there's anything wrong with that. thats like that episode of Sinfied. i don't think i spelled that right. i don't have time to change it. just 2 more minutes. i didnt write that much. i hope i still get i good grade, im just i slow typer. time is almost up i need something to do after this. ill call dan well maybe not i don't want him to think i have no other friends    


     Im sitting in my room at the towers, and I have to admitt that the room size isnt half bad, ecspecially compared to my older sisters dorm room when she was a freshman. However I do have one complaint, and that is that the room are not taken care of in the least bit. And if I had to approximate the last time this place was renovated, my honest guess would be nineteen ninety-one. Yet I can live with a rather filthy room, but the worst part about living in the Towers has to be the food. The cooks here should go down in the Guiness Book of World Records for being the first people ever to make chicken taste bad. And everytime I go in there i seem to be asking the cook what exactly the food sitting in front of me is. Which through my experience translates into something that is not a good thing. As I look around my room I can't help but notice the fact that my side is far more messy than my roomates, but to be honest this is no concern of mine. Because he eats all of my food. I went pot luck in the towers for my roomates, which means that my rooming assignment is totally random. I havent really decided what my true feelings about my new roomates are due to the fact that we havent really spent time together. This fact is more my fault than it is theirs', because for one thing I am in pledgeship right now so finding time to spend with people is like finding a needle in a haystack. But every once in a while I do get to spend a little time with them, and from those few experiences I can say that Tony, the guy with whom I share a room with, is a very nice person and I believe that we will get along very well. So far the one thing that has kind of tied us together is that fact that we have the same taste in music, which is a major relief to me. My other two roomates who live across the living room from me are both going through pledge ship. And Campbell has been really nice as well, though he seems rather reserved. Yet the one guy that I am not to fond of at this time is my third roomate Joey. Its not that there is hostility between us its just that I try to be as nice as possible to him and try to start conversations with him every time I get yet he just won't seem to respond. Maybe its just a difference in the way we were brought up or something. Because I know when I was in high school this new guy moved in from Chicago and he really kept to himself along with his parents. But the more time I spent with him the more he opened up and now we are really good friends. But the funny thing is that all of the football parents thought that his parents were rud because they didnt really talk a whole lot. And i had to remind my mom that thats how people are in Chicago, and just to give them time because they are really good people. 


     It amazes me that I have known about this writing assignment for a while now, and yet I wait to do it until the night before the deadline. I don't procrastinate too terribly much but sometimes I guess I do. I'm really tired. I stayed up until about three in the morning reading for my government class. Then I had to wake up at about seven. I don't even know why I woke up that early. We entered the draw for the OU football tickets and everyone I talked to said to get there early. So I wake up and drag my self down there, with only a few hours of sleep. I was pretty irritated when I found out that it was by number order, so it actually didn't matter. I must have misunderstood when they were giving the instructions. I guess it's just one of those dumb freshman things. I'm actually not as nervous as I expected to be. I came from a town of 2000, smaller than most people's high schools. Everyone told me that I was going to be sad and cry a lot. Suprisingly I haven't been upset once. Sure I miss my mom, dad, sisters, etc. but i've been pretty good. I do miss my boyfriend. He's great. That was pretty hard. I cried more when I left him than my parents. Don't really know what that means. I was just use to seeing him everyday and now I hardly get to talk to him. He's still great though. I hope it all works out okay. I know it will. What's meant to be is meant to be though. I've sort of learned the hard way that I can't decide my own fate, I've tried to change things but they still end up the way I worried they would, but they ended up okay. I guess He does know what he's doing. He's pretty good at it. Yesterday was kind of hard. The September 11th memorial service and hearing the story was sort of difficult. I got to go to New York this summer. My mom took me and my sisters for my graduation. Pretty Nice gift. She and my sisters have had it planned for over a year. It was my middle sister Leslie's idea, but then she was paniced after the attacks and almost didn't go. She was worried that she'd never see her little girls again. It was real sad, but we forced her to go. We had a wonderful time, yet a time that actually makes everything real, and put it all into perspective. It was truly amazing.   In my dorm we have a connecting bath. It's pretty nice but has an awkward smell. It took my roomate and I a very long time to figure it out and it's not jusr the regular bathroom smell. We've been watching our suitemates and figured it out. One of them drinks coffee and has been washing her dishes in the bathroom. Wierd, but I'm glad we figured it out, it was really starting to get on my nerves.   I've really been getting sick. I think I've been sick since I moved down here. I'm sure it's because I'm in a new setting and I don't sleep near as much as I should, but I guess I'll adjust. I called my doctor and he told me I needed Orange Juice, which wouldn't get me well but it would make me   feel better  , and some sleep. It's hard because I still use my old doctor. He's the only doctor I've ever had. I guess it's that comfort zone thing again. I've lived in the same town, on the same street, with the same neighbors, in the same house. I've had the same friends for eighteen years. It's sort of odd to be gone from everything.    The coolest thing happened to me this past weekend. My boyfriend got me tickets to go to Pat Green so I went home. There was a   get together   before the concert so we went over to one of his friend's house. As I was walking in, this girl was coming out, she just looked at me and smiled, so naturally I smiled back. Then she said,   are you Allison Bruce?   I was like Yeah. She looked at me and said,   I'm Crystal.  I was thinking okay?? then she said   your best friend.  She was my best friend from Kindergarten to Second grade. She had to move to Alaska with her family. Then she moved to a little town, lifeguarded in another town where she met her boy friend Weston, who happens to be one of my friends cousins. It's such a small world. Gary and Weston hang out so he has known her for a while. It's so exciting. 


     For some reason, I have been feeling really tired lately. I have been getting plenty of sleep, but it's been hard falling asleep. It feels like there have been a million random thoughts running through my head recently. I haven't been able to understand many of them, or why I think them in the first place. Sometimes, I feel like I have ADD. Ever since I stopped smoking marijuana, my grades haven't been what I expect of myself and my motivation just has not been there for anything. My mom persistently assures me that I don't have it, but I just want to get tested so I know. Before I moved off to college, I couldn't stand being at my house for more than an hour at a time. But now, I want to be there all the time, even though I can't. I know that many kids feel   depressed   right after they move off to college, but I don't feel like anyone is going through what I am. I never understand myself. One minute I miss my ex-girlfriend. I was the one that broke up with her, but why do I miss her so much?  I went home last weekend, an I ran into her. Right after I left, I understood why I broke up with her, but I am already back to thinking why I broke up with her. I don't always understand her either. Sometimes I feel that it's her clinical depression that makes her that way, but other times I feel like it was always me. I remember hearing the phrase, there's someone for everyone. Well if that's true, who's my someone?  I hate waiting around and I just want someone that I can count on being there. I guess that's why I decided to break up with her in the first place. I never felt that I could count on her always being there for me. My dad told me that my grandfather was an alcoholic, so does that mean that there is a good chance that I will be one too?  I wish things were the way they were before last summer, when I had a girlfriend and had my friends that were there for me. I understand that college is all about experiencing new things and meeting new people, but I really haven't had the urge to do either of the two. Maybe this is just a   phase   that everyone goes through. I hope so. I have had no will to meet any new girls, which I expected the complete opposite before leaving. If I miss my home and my parents so much, then why do I never have the will to call them and just talk?  Why can I not just gain a little weight? No matter how much I eat, I can't gain a pound. I know these are supposed to be the best 4 years of my life, so when do I start counting?  I love math and everything, but it just seems like there is something out there that I would rather be doing instead of Mechanical Engineering. 


I am sitting in my dorm room right now and I just thought it would be a good idea to go ahead and do my psychology homework because I don't have anything to do and there doesn't seem to be anything interesting on TV. I was so stressed out earlier today because I can not hack it in my calc. class. I went to class though only to affirm what I had previously believed. YEAH RIGHT. I used to think I was pretty smart but being in that class made me see that I am not going to be able to excell in math or the college of natural sciences for that matter. Simply for the fact that math is required. I am actually happier though because now I have eliminated one course of studies and narrowed my choices. I like that. I like feeling a little more directed with college and the future. I am leaning towards transfering to the college of communications. I also added RTF 305 to my schedule. I am so excited for it. People annoy the crap out of me. Sometimes I wish I could just crawl into a box and never come out. Call me a crab but I don't really care. I am what I am. I feel chubby right now. I want to eat but then I don't. I know the consequences of putting food in my mouth when I don't truly want it. Wasters never want. . . good quote. Very true. I have come so far in my life. I can't believe I am finally at college. . on my own. There are so many things to be thankful for in my life and in so many ways I am lucky. It is hard to keep a clear perspective all of the time. That is the problem with being human. . . we are always failing. Falling short of the glory of God. It is so much more difficult to loose weight for the second time. I lost muscle and gained fat and now it takes longer and I also have more fat cells that will naturally hold on to the chubbs!! I will keep working on consistency and the important thing is to be persistant. I can't believe I used to sell knives this summer. Seems like 3 years ago but it was actually just aboout ago. One day, I hope there is an invention to where you can eat and eat and eat and it wouldn't matter at all. I would pay good money for that. I am sure every woman in the U. S. would do the same. I bet my skin has a lot of sun damage. I tan too often but I do like the feeling and I am not going to stop. 


     I'm just sitting here in my dorm room wondering what exactly i'm supposed to do on this assignment. Will the professor scold me for writing the incorrect responses?  I'm not sure. I can hear 2 things right now. One in my air conditioner. It sounds like a small, fast moving fan. A fast moving fan that doesn't seem to cool the room at all. I can also hear the neighbors' music through the wall. Now that I think of it, i can hear the soft hum of my computer as well. I'm looking at an award that's hanging on my wall I earned playing tennis for my high school. Now i'm thinking about my high school friends. Steph, Bree, Ki, Ashley, James, Niko, John, and Kenton were my closest friends. I miss them but I'm so excited about my new life. Ryan was my good friend in high school too, but I guess i didn't include him in that list because he's my roomate. I was going to try and not mention Annie, but that's really who I'm thinking about. I met Annie at Camp Texas about a week before school. She's a really wonderful person that I'm very attracted too. I'm looking at a Charlie Brown pez dispencer that she gave to me yesterday. Now I'm staring into my computer with because it has a large plexiglass window on the side. It's quite distracting, really. A jumble of customly installed wires is to me something like a low rider car to another person. Now i see a router that I'm going to use to hook up our network when we get road runner installed in our dorm room. I took 2 years of networking class in high school, and after the first sememster i was convinced that was what i wanted to spend my life doing. However, I recently decided that networking wasn't my true aspiration so I don't really know what I want to do specifically. I'm told that's okay and i will figure it out soon enough, and i beleive it. I think I'm getting kind of sick so i took some medicine earlier and have a bad taste in my mouth from the medicine. Now i'm thinking I should go work out tomorrow at Gregory. My friend told me that there's another good gym near Gregory but there aren't as many girls there. Now I'm wondering what i'm going to write about for my last 10 minutes, I really have no clue. I could explain how I put my computer together, or what each part does. I could talk about my high school tennis experiences, about my family, or about my high school hobbies. My roomate has arrived and i greeted him, he went to his bed and is watching TV, some sort of sports I'm sure. We went to the football game last Saturday. UT won 27-0. UT scored all 27 points in the first half, so the second half was pretty boring. It was still better than I expected for my first college football game. I really want to go see the OU game this year, but tickets are a hot commodity. After this assignment, I'm going to try to do some Economics, and maybe Calculus. This class, Psychology, is the class I'm most worried about this semester. I took Calculus in high school and I think with a little studying I'll be able to make a B in it. I don't know why but I have a great understanding for Economics so I don't think that class will be incredibly hard either. My communications teacher said that her class would be hard, but I think I'm better at communications that Psychology. I also have BA 101 and a Freshman Interest group class but those are pretty much participation grades, so a little time a effort will ensure an A. My schedule is incredible. None of my classes start before 11, and I have Friday's off from school. I find upperclassmen drooling over this schedule, so to find it as a freshman is pretty incredible, I think. As my time winds down I wonder what exactly this class has in store for me. Even college. Heck, even life. I wonder what big decisions I will make, what lucky breaks I will get, what major crises i will encounter, and what disadvantages I will overcome. All I can do is wish myself and my fellow peers luck and great success to find what we truly desire. 


I'm at my grandmother's house and it's pouring rain. I was supposed to go to this meeting for the Texas Sweethearts but since it's raining I'm not going to go. Even though the social events aren't required its going to bug me all night wondering if the current sweethearts are going to hold it against me. Even though I know other people probably won't go I still feel like I will stick out as not going and I don't know if that's a good or bad thing. I really don't know. I couldn't be any more tired. I waited in line for 5 in a half hours to get a ticket to the Texas-Ou game. It was so chaotic. It's amazing to see how much people will pay for those tickets. Some people were going as high as $300 for one ticket that they sell for $75. Luckily I got one and I'm so happy. I had to go to work after that and it felt like I had just gone swimming because I was drenched in sweat. I looked so bad and I went in 2 hours late. I thought I was going to get fired. I'm going to stay at my grandma's house since it's  raining, I wonder what I'm going to wear?  Why do I care so much?  People go to school looking ten times worse than me and no one cares, but I can't get myself to go to school without makeup. I wish I wasn't so self-conscious. It's weird, you always think you look fine until it comes someone else's turn to judge you than you get nervous about what they think. Who cares?  That's how I wish I could feel. Even though I wear sweat shorts and t-shirts to school I still care if they match or I wonder if I wore it last week. Why can't I stop caring about what people might think about me?  I bet no one even pays attention to me. I really don't know if I'm vain for thinking that people look at me or insecure because I care if they do. I can't believe my boyfriend hasn't called me yet. I met this girl yesterday at the sweetheart meeting and she seemed so cool. We talked and got along and she drove me to my car and we were going to go to the social together. When I called her though she didn't seem the same she was just like Oh, it's you or I don't know. Maybe I expect to much out of people. It just seemed to me that she was being fake yesterday by the way she was acting towards me today. I can't wait until time is up, but it actually hasn't seemed that long. I didn't really think this would be this easy. I guess you can tell things to a computer and it won't tell you to shutup after you complain to much. I WONDER IF I SHOULD READ FOR MY Class tomorrow?  I feel so exhausted like I haven't slept in days and today wore me out. I feel like I could sleep for three days. Hopefully pretty soon I'll catch on to this whole college thing. I have exactly 45 seconds and I really don't know what to write so I'm just going to say that I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO happy that I got a TExas-Ou ticket again because it the best thing that has happened in a while. 


As I sit here in my dorm room, I am really tired, probably because I stayed up late doing homework last night. My body feels sore but I like to workout so that doesn't really bother me much. I can not really concentrate right now, but that is probably because I just woke up and I still feel half asleep. I feel very stressed out right now because I have a chemistry exam on friday and I need to read to the chapters. I guess I should not have procrastinated, but I do that a lot. My roommate is actually going to class for once, and I am very happy for her. Hurray! I thought this assignment was going to be a lot easier than it is, but I guess not. I am really thirsty right now. My hair has gotten really long, and I am very happy about that because I cut it all off recently but it is growing back. My knee really hurts because I am out in the hot sun, but then go in the freezing classroom, so whenever there is a temperature change my knee aches. My junior year in high school I tore my ACL and had reconstructive surgery, so I have screws in it. My roommate just left and it is so hard to do anything around here because she just keeps talking to me even when it is obvious I am busy. How annoying! And she uses my computer all of the time to talk to her boyfriend and it is my computer. Like when I got on to do this paper, she wrote that she had to go and she was sorry but hopefully I would be quick about it. I wanted to tell her something so bad but we have to live together for a year and I don't want to make it a living hell. I don't know how to approach the situation with out us hating each other, but if this keeps on, I will end up hating her. Living with girls sucks because we are all so petty. I skipped my calculus discussion this morning, but it is my only class on tuesdays and thursdays and it had to be at 8 a. m. in RLM, which is so far and I hate that building! well my time is just about up and I am really excited because I am tired of typing. 


Well I start typing now. so I don't really know my computer stopped making the fan noise why does it do that. the simpsons are on next door I could watch that but I'm stuck doing this oh well what is that oh yeah I like that I'm full even though the food is not good its all you can ear I love all you can eat. well since I don't really know what to talk about I can just write about things that I my phone rang can I answer it I don't think so oh well ill call them back I hope it was not JB calling about the hell raiser meeting damn oh but I can write bout things I don't really talk to other people bout like when I left I didn't really expect robyn and I to last really although I wanted to and but now it is not really that hard and I love her but kinda find myself wishing it was harder so that I could hav an excuse if I needed one to get out. but I have differing opinions on it mostly cause one moment I miss her and jus want to hang out with her but the next I get annoyed that I have to talk to her. and when other girls talk to me here I feel like I shouldn't even though there is no reason not to and robyn wouldn't even care the slightest cause she is so understanding and this is why our whole thing is not that hard. cause she makes it easy. that's the main reason I stayed with her cause usually I don't have relationships ever. this is mainly my first and definitely my first serious one which is another thing sometimes it seems so serious I'm like back off but when she acts casual I want her to act more serious. I guess the whole thing is stupid and I shouldn't worry bout it cause I am easy going and I should let things go with the flow I'm going to call dusting when I'm done so I can see if he is going to the hell raisers. wow it is quiet in here with no music I want to turn on ole Kenny but ill wait 10 min left this is going by fast. I thought I was barely talking. I wish I knew her name I talk to her everyday and she is in 3 of my classes and she introduces me to people and I don't even know her name that's kinda fucked up but I could like seinfeld introduce someone and she has to say her name. that would work I wonder when seinfeld comes on its not like it matters though all I really do anymore is read and study. quiet it is never this quiet my shoulder feels weird my phone is ringing again brb oh I am talking to jb about hell raisers that was easy I'm going to his room in well 13 53sec so I can wait no 20 - 1353 well 1412 now but yeah I think I'm going to work out after the meeting. I wonder if they let anyone in that 70s show is on I hear the theme song my computer sounds weird man a guy that robyn knows or knew shot himself in the face last night. it was sad supposedly he was mad or something and his gf was fighting with him and he shot himself in the face with a pistol right in front of her. robyn felt bad but I didn't know what to say really cause she has not seen him or talked to him in a long time so to me it wouldn't have been that big of a deal. this is getting long now that I'm looking forward ahead in the direction of I'm thinking of ways to say that differently alternately substitute words my eyes are getting tired I'm not blinking I need to ok wow that burned I shut them for like 5 sec and it burned it is better now jonathan thought he broke his toe and skarke got so wasted it was funny I burped and hiccupped at the same time. I wonder what this is going to say about me I don't really care though cause I think most of psy is just unnecessary over evaluation but it is interesting on a lot of levels the lie detector was cool though I think I could beat it maybe but well that's all 


Wow 20 minutes of typing, that is cool. Man I lki this song. I wonder what other home work I have to do. ohh well this is cool, to bad I have already done this before. I liked my high school psychology class, it was fun. I wonder how I am going to do in this class. man it has only been two minutes. I don't know what my roommates infatuation with this 24 show. whatever floats his boat. wow running out of things to think about. man that rat, ejaculation thing that the doc talked about today was great, I was really intrigued. I wonder if that could work with women, if so I would be the man. I would make millions, because ugly people like me would be irresistible to hot ladies. wow that would be awesome!  ohh well it is only a dream, but I can dream can't I, yeah. I need to get better organized, maybe I'll call my house see if I can help them out. making fell thugged out , I'm felling on your booty. then hands up, get drunk throw your hands up. man r kelly is the man, to bad he is a pedophile. I think that is how you spell it?  twelve minutes to go baby. all right what is next?  I am going blank. I hope I can find some program to rid of these stupid pop up windows. they are so annoying. I want to find the people that create these and ring their necks. there are so many hot ladies here at ut. my classes are all right, they are not as easy as I pictured them, damn stone turn the tv down, I can hear it through my headphones. roommates, what can you do. naww I'm just playing he is really cool and he puts up with a lot of my crap. good man. what is thouing thouing?  r kelly you are a genius. why does my neck pop so much?  I think that I messed it up when I used to wrestle in high school. seven minutes to go. wow it has gone by pretty fast. I wonder if anyone is going to read this?  if so it will take them forever to read all of our essays. ohh well that is what they get paid to do. I ride spinners, I ride spinners. this song is off the hook man. all I need to do is get a crunk beat and repeat a word over and over, and I would make millions of dollars. I would be a rapper. they could call me whitey, or white coco. that would be hilarious. something like that. this is the way we ball. I had to change songs, the other one was messed up. three minutes to go. well this has been fun, its about midnight and I am a little tired. whatever. blah blah. I can't think of anything. crap. think, think. that think my brother did was great, I need to do it to someone. I gots ultimate practice tomorrow. I'm going to be dead. 20 seconds, man this was just enough 10 seconds, done! 


what should I write about? I wish that I was not so slow at typing. I wonder how long I have typed for . man I haven't typed that long only 1 minute and 39 seconds. I wonder how much longer this is going to be. my phone is ringing. oh its amy I don't feel like talking to her where is ter there it is yeah she really gets annoying sometimes I really care about her but sometimes I can't stand it man I still have only been oops accidentally typed an m what should I write about what do I like I like baseball I still haven't watch espn to find out what happened with the astos I hope they are still in first place what to write about what to oops man I wish that I was better at typing they are talking about people famous on tv that are reflecting on what they were doing at age 17 man I'm almost 19 17 seems like it wasc so long ago jessica simpson is fine she is talking on tv right now I wish that she was my girlfriend she is really fine man 20 minutes seems a lot longer than I thought or hoped it would be this seems like it is taking forever man I hope it rains tomorrow so I don't have to work work is getting worse and worse every day that I work I just want to get it over with so that I can get paid I remember when I had to do one of these things in elementary school I wonder what grade it was maybe it was in middle school with mrs webber she was a really goods teacher I wonder what ever happened to her I wonder if she still works at trinity she was a hard teacher but a very good one I wonder how much longer man I am almost finished oh I am   


Well, I am now officially writing my first college paper" more or less. It is really hot outside today. I wonder when it is going to cool of so I won't swear so bad when I walk to class. I think that I need to really concentrate on my homework and studies when I get them, instead of putting them off. It makes me feel like I am bogged down when I have a lot of stuff to do at once. It is actually really stressful. I kind of like this song that is on the radio. Busta Rhymes has not ever been my favorite rapper, but I think that this song is ok. Pharrell really makes this song what it is. Now come to think of it. I don't think that Busta Rhymes sang that song. oh well I guess that this assignment is for my thoughts and mistakes, so I won't correct my mistake. My chair is pretty comfortable. Hopefully I will do my homework in it when I am done with this writing assignment. The longhorns really kicked New Mexico State's butt. I think that Chance Mock (the quarterback) got to a ruff start, but he has waited for several years to get his chance to play as the Longhorn's Quarterback. Although Vincent Young came in towards the end of the game and did phenomenal, scoring 2 touchdowns on his own rush attempts, and throwing a great 60 yard pass, I believe that Mock should continue to start as QB because he has put in his time as scout team player. My, that was a really long sentence. I am tired of eating the food at the Jester Food Court. They have a big selection, but the selections never change at each station. I kinda miss my mom's home cooking. I can get over that. I was aware that there was a ton of students at this campus, but I guess that I didn't think that I would see so many people going to class everyday. I kind of feel like a minority in Austin. Coming from a small town in East Texas that is mostly white, black, and mexican, I am not used to seeing so many asian students. I am not against asian people at all, I just have never seen so many at one setting such as UT. The temperature in my dorm is not to my liking. I am a very hot natured person, and I prefer that it be cold in my room. Being all covered up under your blankets at night when it is cold is a great feeling. I dislike sweating when I sleep. I need to go to the gym today. I am getting out of my routine of working out each day. I need to get on a balanced routine between schoolwork and play. It is kind of hard to be disciplined once you don't have your parents to tell you what to do. The experience at UT is a good one though and I am not complaining. The only thing I dislike about it right now is that I still have yet to purchase all my schoolbooks. The Co-op did not have my MIS book today like that re-order said. Nothing is ever perfect. That is not a bad thing though. I hope that all of our writing assignments are this easy CZAR. This is an easy grade. There are so many fine girls here at UT. Everywhere you look you see a hottie. I love that. Some of them seem fake to me though, but I know that I shouldn't judge people. My phone is ringing and I am almost done. Alright I am done. Later. 


hahaha, I really like the directions of how to tell Sherlock Campbell our UT EID and such. I wonder if that is weird to him. Sherlock is an interesting name, you don't here that every day. its a good thing there's a clock on here, I didn't look to see the time for this assignment. I don't really know what to think. I'm thirsty. my roommate needs to control the noise from her computer, its annoying. my face itches. there goes the noise again. I need to clean my side of the room. why do I have so many cords on my desk, but my roommate has maybe 2?  I think I have a rash on my arm, and it itches. I need to go return my nutrition book to the co-op. eew, a duck on tv has oil all over it. what is the purpose of this commercial?  DAWN?!  that's stupid. that girl from Everybody Loves Raymond is a spokesperson for too many things, and when I say too many, I mean 2 different companies. but that's still odd. to me. my arm still itches. I never did anything about being thirsty. wow, I never realized how long 20 minutes is. all of this was written in 5 min:33 sec. CRAZY!  is dr pennebaker really going to read this?  I wonder how many crazy people he has in his class thinking about obscure things. too bad I couldn't do this while I'm driving, I think of some really random things when I'm in the car by myself. I like alone time. I love driving home to Dallas by myself, PLENTY of thinking time. I need to go to Wal-Mart. but I don't remember what for. hmm. why did I need to go?  this is going to bug me. I think I want to be a Texas Sweetheart. the informational meeting is at 6 tonight. I wonder if I'll make it by the time I finish this. I just noticed that I capitalize random letters. well, they're not random because if it's capitalized, its supposed to be. but I don't capitalize everything that needs to be. so that's weird. I wish I could think of more interesting things. I miss my boyfriend travis. TV without sound is funny. mmhmm I love this bar, this song makes me laugh. I really do wish I were more entertaining for you dr. I love dr pepper. I wish I knew someone named dr pepper. my orthopedic dr is named dr payne. I had a teacher in high school named mrs payne. and mr axe. can you imagine what kind of torture my high school was?  no, I loved high school. I love the fact I'm out!  I still miss my boyfriend. I wonder how many times I think about him during the day. I should start keeping tally. nah, that would be a waste of ink. country singers make me laugh. MUCH cooler than pop stars - they're all stuck up. but man, country singers and music lovers. so funny. hahahaha, this music video is funny. I laugh at things easily. people like being friends with me because I laugh easily. it boosts their self confidence I think. my arm still itches. I wish that pretesting thing would work so I can start on that. that meeting is in 20 minutes. should I go?  yeah I'll go. 3 more minutes in this assignment. I still wish I were more interesting though. the guy in this video just poured a latte on himself. now my leg itches. I love the band Lonestar. back to the arm. soooooo, basically this was filled with how my body itches. I bet that's interesting. there goes my head. what's with that?  I don't understand. I don't think I usually itch this much. I dunno, maybe I do. my stomach just made a noise. 20 more seconds. lalalalalalalalalala. and DAVE MATTHEWS BAND rules! :) have a great day! 


Ready, set, go. Wow, my grammar has gotten pretty bad. I wonder if this thing has, I hate these stupid pop ups, spell check. I just woke up, feel pretty worthless. Saw Pink Floyd played to the Wizard of Oz last night pretty cool probably cooler if I was stoned. Only been stoned once before, didn't like it, no desire to do it again. I'm a beer girl. Need to work out, clothes don't fit as well as they use to. Josh won't like that. I'm glad Laura is coming this weekend I hope she has fun. I really miss my family, I hope my sister can can, Fuck these pop ups, come up next weekend for Austin City Limits. I don't know where anyone went, they're probably eating lunch. Damn, 11 more minutes, I don't really know what else to write about, maybe or is maybe if I turn on some music. This is one of my favorite songs, I like it better than the original, I think it was remade for Good Will Hunting, it makes me feel so. I don't know, introspective. Bad word, but can't think of anything else. I love words, probably the only reason I did well on the SAT. Damn I'm still so tired, don't know why, must have slept for at least twelve hours. I think I might be getting sick. Spring break best vacation of my whole life, some of my favorite memories. Memories are an odd thing. I wonder why you remember the things you do. Walked into the GEO building the other day and the smell of it-deja vu-it was such an odd feeling, and I can't quite pin point what it reminded me of. I wish I knew. Deja vu is such a weird thing I knew more about it- what triggers it and everything, maybe some day. 


My window is just above my bed. I can't see the stars but the lights of the city substitute nicely. I wish my bed were higher so I could lay in it and look out the window over the city. This is the one place that I feel on top of the world even though lately my world has been crumbling down. I see the cars going by, some steadily others as though they were racing. and the last remind me of my drum major in high school who used to yell at us for lollygagging. " I imagine they are going to exciting places. Places where they don't worry if their boyfriend is cheating on them or why they can't seem to motivate themselves to do the assigned readings for class. I pretend for them. I make them my social group. I have named the girl who sits on the wall outside dobie Lisa. I think its a nice name. She is always out there to smoke cigarettes, I imagine because her roommate is the type that is anal and can't stand to have the rules bent much less broken. Lisa hates that. That is why she wears shorts 2 sizes to small that make her legs dimple while she is perched atop the wall. I am lonely. When I look out my window I feel like everyone else is too. We are a disjointed people connected by this city, these lights and sounds that are the stuff of civilization. I'm sure someone else is in that blue building with the step-like structure. sitting somewhere looking out, feeling the same as me. I like it when it rains, when the sky is heavy and dark and sad. I wish it would rain here. I have never seen that from my window. I think that I might like to live in a tall building like this later on in life, but I would have to live there alone. Its hard to bask in my emotions while my roommate debates who loves who more with her feminine boyfriend before they discuss what they're going to do for their umpteenth month anniversary. My suitemate fits me better. I feel how she acts, but I can't express myself that way for too many reasons. one very big one being my excessively religious parents. They would flip. No one understands my thoughts. I care so much more about the whys than the what is, but I act the opposite. I wish I could do nothing but read all day. I'd go in the living room in the pappazan or however you spell it chair by the window in there-but it would have to be higher too--to see out the window. That is what connects me, keeps me here, keeps me from floating away. So I would sit there and I would read. I would go all sorts of places and be all sorts of people but my window would be my anchor as I sailed through these many parallel universes. I think my favorite would be in a Jane Austen novel. they're so warm. There's such a sense of how to act without ever having to think. I wish I didn't think. I try to keep myself so busy that I don't, but my mind won't be constrained. Its only controlled by the window, my looking glass sanctuary. Its solitude without loneliness. I feel the most lonely with lots of people. on the south mall at noon, walking to class. So many people with such well put together lives, purposeful strides and slender hips. I watch them. I am behind a tree. I wear long skirts to cover what I wish wasn't there, with my thick dark hair pulled back, tugging on my wrinkled shirt that won't ever stay into place. I am magic though, I have powers. I can be invisible. No one ever knows that I'm there. No one ever knows I'm at my window with its menagerie of colored lights. I don't know about anything anymore. I wish someone would just tell me what I'm supposed to do. that there was some fated order of things. That would be easy to accept, that is why we have religion. It gives you all the whys and leaves you only the what is. but for some of us that won't suffice. No doctrine will halt the whys of my mind, I will always wonder about it if not the things it claims. I'm confused and lonely and at my window. It doesn't make sense. But tomorrow I'll get up and I'll go to class. I'll say hi to all my friends and smile. The weird thing is I'll even enjoy it and be distracted so that I only focus on the what is. I'll watch TV and do homework, and probably even go to a club with the cute guy I can't ever date because he happens to be my untrustworthy boyfriends cousin. (yes there are so many problems). But then I'll go to bed. I'll lie and look out the pane that sensitizes me to my pain, and I'll think about all the whys of my life and how I'll probably never figure them out, just how to distract myself from them. 


this is raechal collins. my feelings are good right now. I think I am going home this weekend for the first time since I've been up here. I don't know if it is for sure yet, but I'm excited to see everyone that I haven't seen in a while. my roommate is in a bad mood because she found out her ex boyfriend is dating a junior in high school which is just gross. also, one of my best friends from high school isn't very happy. I don't know why but she just doesn't seem happy. my absolute best friend in the world is coming down this weekend though so I might be staying in Austin for that. I just want to go home to see my boyfriend, or whatever it could be considered. I'm waiting for him to write me back right now. even though I can't really write him back because I'm writing on this thing for twenty minutes. I'm excited about this class. I think it's going to be a lot of fun. it's by far my most interesting one, next to swimming. I'm excited for that one cause it will be a good form of exercise and I need a way to get some exercise up here. since all I seem to be doing is eating. I wonder how everything is back home. it's really hard to do the long distance thing, but its weird how they say time apart can make the heart grow fonder, when all it has done to me is make me grow more detached. in a way, I guess it is good, but at the same time, it's kind of sad, because if I was home right now, everything would be the same, and we would be together. except now I'm here and I need to branch out and meet new people. I'm also doing this sorority business and I really don't know if it's meant for me. I like it, but I mean it seems like its just girls who join a group to get "sisters for life" and I don't know if it is something I want to spend all my time and parent's money doing. I never realized how much things coasted until I came here. it is absolutely insane. now I have to actually keep track of my money and its so hard. I had no idea how much I spent a month. I hate my anthropology class. it's hard and I don't understand what's going on in there. also my teacher is blind which is really cool and respectable but its almost distracting because I find myself staring at his guide dog or wondering what he's feeling since he is standing in front of a class of 100 plus and he can't see them. for all he knows we could be throwing stuff leaving class eating drinking and being absent. my friend is being shady and trying to rub in getting her third choice sorority when my other friend got first. it is weird. we have to figure out where I am living next year. it is kind of stressful because every body knows where they are living and I don't have a clue cause I haven't thought about it once. tomorrow night I am going to the ato pledge line. it should be fun a lot of my guy friends went ato so I like hanging out with them. I like my roommate jen. she is a badass and we all have fun. I also like Kelley, my other roommate. actually they are both my suite mates my roommate is Kim from high school. it made it easier moving in and stuff with a roommate I already knew. I would have hated moving in a finding that my roommate was someone who didn't speak English or like hated life or something like that. this twenty minutes is lasting longer than I thought. I didn't expect to write this much. Romeo and Juliet is playing in my room right now, and I love this movie. I haven't seen it in forever either. I remember when it first game out I was obsessed with Leonardo deception. now in real life, he is not at hot as he used to be. he just killed himself in the movie. the ending of the movie/play is very depressing, and my arms and wrists are starting to hurt with all this typing. I need to pick out an outfit to wear to the ato thing tomorrow night. I guess I'm supposed to wear a cocktail dress. I don't want to get all dressed up. I've done enough dressing up for the past week during rush. welp, the twenty minutes is over, it was nice talking to you computer. 


It's a bit past 4 pm on a Sunday, and I only just woke up a while ago. So here I am, writing a psychology paper which has no definite topic as such. I usually listen to laid back electronic-type music when I do papers, which is what I'm doing now. I feel it helps me free up my mind, and help me think more clearly. I don't know how this paper is going to end up, or whether I'm writing what I'm supposed to, but I suppose that's the point of the exercise. So - tracking my thoughts. Well first off I just realized how annoying the timer at the top of the page is. Watching it tick away while thinking of something to write (which shouldn't be a problem anyway since I'm supposed to write what I'm thinking and not the other way around) just seems to get on my nerves a bit. I wonder what the rest of the writing assignments this semester will be like though. They need to fix this page up though, it didn't work in my primary web browser, Mozilla Firefox, and I don't like Internet Explorer all that much. Oh, the music just changed, it's a bit faster and slightly more aggressive now. I got myself some candy too, though I probably shouldn't have since I'll be having lunch in a bit. It's getting a bit warmer in here, someone probably increased the air conditioner temperature again. And now my roommate is playing basketball outside in the living room. One of these days I think he's going to break something. 10 minutes and the clock's ticking. I really should get some work done today. I pretty much wasted the last two days, but hey, what are three day weekends for? I've got some Math and CS homework, as well as a freshman seminar paper. Math's an interesting class even if it is too easy. Not to sound self deluded, but I do think I know more calculus than most people in that class, at least so far. Computer Science is a different story though. The class is a bit harder than I expected it to be, but nothing beyond me. A little googling and I should easily be able to look up anything I don't already know and complete the assignment. Java isn't really one of my strengths, but that doesn't mean I can't make it one. I like psychology though, at first I thought it would be impersonal and intimidating because of the sheer number of students in it but that's changed. 17 minutes. I just have to continuously keep looking at the timer. And the music just stepped up, now it's a bit faster than before. And I actually got this paper done! I'm so proud of myself!  well, not really, but I'm glad I got it done anyway. And now my mind's a blank really. Looks like my time's up. Did I mention I hate popups? Time to click the finish button. 


     I love my girlfriend leah. She is so awesome. I love her big butt and her hair, I love her tongue and her smile. Man oh man does she give good hand jobs. Almost as good as sex. ALMOST. there are some things I don't like about her though. She is a tiny bit chubby but it doesn't really bother me that much. She is stubborn and that at times gets on my nerves. I also worry that she is a shopaholic. and that if we do get married one day that she will spend too much of our income. I wonder what I will be doing 5 years from now. it would be so awesome to be a country music station radio dj. I think the prime time for me would have to be like at lunch time. I believe that would be best, cause then I could stay up late still and sleep in a little later. the rush hour traffic time would be awesome too. I would have fun being the dj in the morning, but I would hate the hours. I mean whoa, not my kind of lifestyle. I also wonder if being a personal trainer is going to work out. I haven't been really an active gym goer. I need to start doing that. I am trying to think of what would be a good time to go. on mondays I could go right after class at 5, same thing goes for wednesdays. on tuesdays, thursdays and fridays, I should probably go right after Spanish, because then after I am done I could go eat something, that would probably kill two birds with one stone because of the fact that I wouldn't have to eat before I go to Spanish then. I could probably focus on cardio type stuff on monday, Wednesday and friday. and then weight train on tuesday and Thursday. maybe I should do the opposite. cause then I could work my muscles more and they do say u lose weight by working out, plus on mondays and wednesdays it will be harder to do cardio at that time since it will be so crowded at that time. now about tennis. I really hope I can get to play on the real courts and not have to go to intermural courts just to practice. I should go check that out tomorrow along with all the other things I need to do. it would be cool if leah and sara came to UT next year, unfortunetly I don't see that happening when it comes to leah. I wonder how long I should wait before proposing. I think waiting til at least my junior year would be best. because then at least my parents will see that we are in a serious relationship. I mean two years is a long time to be with someone, and it was about that same time amber and jeff were together. no wait they were actually 3. 5 years I think, maybe 2. 5 when he asked and 3. 5 before marriage, I don't know, whatever it is. the only question is that when we are married what will we first do for money. I could probably go back to HEB cause I mean they don't pay that poorly. possibly even be a CCM or something so that I could bring a little extra dough in. I would try hard to at least get a job at a radio station. I wonder how long u have to work at one before they give u your own show. I should also go to the radio station tomorrow to see if I could get some kind of spot in there. even if it wasn't a show, but a technical thing. okay so when it comes to homework what should I do so that I have somewhat of a schedule. if I sleep in the mornings, or at least plan to, I don't think I should try scheduling that in. what I should probably try to do is try to be strict to making sure I get hw done first before I do anything else. because then I could go to sleep sooner too and then maybe this job wouldn't be too bad. cause that's probably my problem, the fact that I don't go to sleep early enough. I want to go to midnight rodeo this Saturday, I just wish roger creager wasn't playing there. remember to call leah tomorrow to tell her mom about staying out later. back to study. monday and wednesdays should be too bad hw wise becuase all I have is my writing class EASY, and Spanish, so getting out late on those days isn't too bad. Tuesdays and thursdays I should try to make sure I am done with hw by like 6, cause then I could go eat after I did my hw. that's a pretty good plan. only on occasions should I change that up. what I mean by that is like being invited to do stuff, never let it be online poker or TV that distracts me, that includes playing xbox. even if I think I have had a hard day so far, just think how more satisfying that resting will be once I have everything done, I mean knowing u don't have anything left to do is a nice feeling. this writing this is going by faster than I thought. I didn't know I had all this stuff on my mind. I think it would be nice to have a 6pac on my body, and some muscle. you know, it really does kind of upset me that leah doesn't want me hanging out with females alone. I find that it shouldn't matter. I mean on one hand I know her past, and I don't want to upset her on something as small as this, but on the other hand it is kind of a big deal. maybe I should talk with her again and we could go more in depth or even set up some ground rules about this. HOPEFULLY we can compromise. I am kind of tired but I really do need to study for Spanish quizzes tomorrow, and I should look over chapter 4 for this class. I wonder when the first test is, I think it is on the 20th. that's coming up pretty soon. I should look at that handbook thing I have on sample test questions on this friday. along with that I could reread philosophy and study some more Spanish, and go to a seminar for writing class. this was kind of a fun thing to do. I kind of like having a diary like this, helps me think clearly. 


I do not feel well at all, I wonder if it was the tequila from last night or worrying about a girl. Sometimes I don't know why I am still with her. Can you still have feelings for someone that you find annoying? Why am I doing this Writing Assignment now my stomach and head are killing me. I should have tried to pawn it off on one of my roommates for ten dollars or something because who wants to right about what "they" think, I'm more interested in what other people think about. I mean I alrdy know what I think about, its boring to me, what about the people I don't know, what do they think about, that's what I want to know. I know that girl down there is thinking about something, some psycologist needs to figure out how to read girls, that's what they should be working on, why learn about depression, figure out what girls think about. Honestly, I don't think a single man can tell me what a girl is thinking at any given time, half the time they hate you other half they love you and it can switch just as fast. What's the deal with that!  I am still feeling bad my stomach won't stop hurting, I think I need to get something to eat. I need to get feeling better cause I already have plans for tonight, and it sucks going out when you don't feel well. When I go out and I don't feel well, I get extremely annoyed with everyone that I am with. It's probably because they are having more fun then I am. I have noticed that school is obsessed with talking about politics, in every class I go to we talk about Bush and Kerry. YES, 3 more minutes to go on the assignment, but too much politics in my opinion half the time it has no correlation with the subject at hand. In my Spanish class we had a 30 minute discussion about economic poilices, how does that help me with Hola Como estas? This assignment isn't bad, its like the people that have journals, who put there mind on paper.      


     it is really cold in my room, my roommate likes it that way. and for some unknown reason it is a lot colder in our room than it is in the rest of the apartment, so we walk around and it is hot and then we come into our room and it is freezing. Awesome, I hope I can make to class on time today cause writing for 20 minutes might put me a little late, oh well it is history and I usually don't go anyway, and why is that? Why is it that some people are extremely motivated to do well and make the good grades whereas there are people like me who could honestly care less. is it the parents? I doubt that cause mine are extremely motivated I am wearing jeans and boots today, and my roommate told me that it was wierd cause I don't look so goofy my mouse just messed up. if I can make it through this whole writing assignment without losing my wireless internet connection I will be extremely impressed, sad huh?  anyways I really want to go to arkansas this weekend for the game, one of these years I am going to get a ticket to every texas gamand go, although this would be the year cause they really don't have any games that are that far away. my roommate took psycology last year, did I spell that right? anyways I don't think he had to do anything like this. I need to call my mom, havent talked to her in a few days, she likes it whenever I call. I do call home a whole lot more than the rest of the guys I know, I am such a mamma's boy. I really like the shirt that I am wearing lime green, some say gay, I say nice. yeah really nice, man this is starting to get hard and I have only been writing for 8 minutes, I don't know if I have thought for 20 minutes straight in my whole life. I really don't my brain just shuts off and I space out. . especially during class. sometimes I wonder if I have that ADD crap. I have always been told that I do but since I made good grades in school they never took me to go get evaluated or anything like that. school. the only thing I miss about high school is football, that was my life, coach always said it would be the best time I ever had but I never believed him until I was done playing and trust me. it was. I mean I have a lot of fun in college meeting new  people and getting drunk all the time but I really miss playing ball. this damn song, my roommate plays the same songs all the time, never good songs, and yet he plays the same ones over and over again, hold on I have to write for psyc, be there in 9 minutes, he wants me to read something for him. coke, I love coke for some reason, not that is tastes good cause I really don't think the taste is good at all and yet I drink it all the time, like it is an addictive taste. addictive, I think I have  a very addictive personality, if there is such a thing, like snuff, I never would have thought that I would start having cravings for snuff, and yet I do like right now, where did I put my can? oh man this sucks can't find it , I can wait untill I get done only 6 more minutes, hands are starting to get a little tired of doing this, had a dream last night, and I think in it I called my ex-girlfriend, sometimes I have dreams with her in them, and I don't know why, its wierd, don't really care for her or anything, just sometimes she is in my dreams, speaking of dreams I could use a nap right about now, man I slept till 10 and am still tired, whatever happened to that this is the guy who would get up a 530 to go to the weight room everymorning in high school and I come to college and now getting up a 10 is early? that is like 4 and a half hours later,I could quite possibly be the laziest person on this earth, just might be actually, they could conduct a study and I think I would be the laziest. . Except for all the homeless people, twice in a row, he has the song on repeat, how in the hell could somebody listen to the same song twice in a row, ok I got to say something not again I don't even like this song he put on now, ok this one isn't bad 1 more minute, cramp in the forearm, am I going to make tat fica plant looks it really good I really hope you don't look into as long as I submit it is very hard 5 more seconds I can't wait done. 


Ok so I just got back from a four hour study hour thing at the ZTA house. WOW the most pointless thing ever. I read maybe 10 pages. How am I supposed to study with 50 other girls there in the room? You don't have that much space and of course you want to talk about what happened last night and who ended up where, and blahblahblah. I know they have good intentions in making us do this, but 4 hours at one time is waaay too long to try to study. No one really got anything done. But hey it was fun- I got to bond more with my sorority sisters! Speaking of sorority stuff, I love it. At first, I was afraid I wouldn't like it, or that the girls wouldn't like me, but I Couldn't be having more fun. I have more friends than I thought I would have going into college, and they're real friends, too, not friends you "pay for" with sorority fees. I'm listening to music right now, and recently (as in the past couple of months) I've gotten more and more into music. I've always loved music, but ever since I dated a great guy who is a complete music person I've liked it even more. Today kyle and I (my aggie ex-boyfriend) were joking about how pathetic we are for missing eachother so much. it was funny. we knew going into it at the beginning of the summer that we were going to break up when we went off to college because, of course, it wouldn't work. But now that we're all settled in, we still miss eachother. It got really serious really fast. it was unbelievably random. We never thought we would hook-up, but it happened and it was awesome. I hate to say it because I'm so young and I hate it when people say things like that, but I could quite possibly see myself with him after college- like permanently. That's so weird. Well, sincewe did break up, we are allowed to hang out with other people (date-wise) but neither of us really wanted to. Last week I met this really cool guy from the Woodlands-he's an ATO pledge. I've gone to a couple parties with him as his date and I kind of have a crush on him. It's exciting, but at the same time, I'm far from being over Kyle. The whole point of not being together was that we could go out and have fun without being tied down, but I still feel bad about it. I have constantly had this entire "soap opera" on my mind for the last week- nonstop. The cool thing about being in a relationship is that you have that stability- you never have to wonder if he likes you, or if he's going to call and all that. With a new guy it's always like I wonder if he likes me and why didn't he call?-worrying. It's fun, don't' get me wrong, but it kind of puts ur confidence in check. I've recently gotten into Maroon 5 again. I used to love them, but working at Hollister and hearing the entire CD all the time made me hate it. I don't work at Hollister anymore, so I havent heard Maroon 5 in awhile, and now I love them again. 
 